Skip to main content
Simple, transparent pricing.
Only pay for what you use.
30+ capabilities in one platform
100 GB of free data ingest/month
Unlimited free basic users
Grab your free account — no credit card required.
How we calculate price.
Usage-based pricing for full-stack observability—all in one platform.
Data
100 GB of free data ingest per month and $0.30/GB ingested beyond.
Learn More About Data Learn More About Data
Users
Three user types: basic (free), core, and full platform. Prices vary by edition. Access to the platform is based on user type.
Learn More About Users Learn More About Users
Your price
The price is subject to variability if add-on features are enabled (ex: SAP, Synthetics), which would incur additional charges.
Access 30+ capabilities (including APM, infrastructure monitoring, logs, RUM, and more), 750+ integrations, unlimited hosts, and unlimited CPUs at no additional cost.
Get Started Get Started
New
New Compute Option—Now in Public Preview
Pay for what your users access, with no user fee.
Learn More Learn More
What's Available?
Everything you need to power your business.
Get Started Get Started
APM 360 Application Performance
Monitor performance and troubleshoot instantly with an unifed view of your applications health.
Browser Monitoring
Track real-user patterns and page performance to improve user experience.
Business Observability
Application that merges customer, product, and service paths into a single journey.
Mobile Monitoring
Proactively monitor crashes, errors, and latency in mobile apps.
Website Performance Monitoring
Keep your web pages fast and error-free without any technical set up.
SAP Monitoring
A centralized view of SAP and non-SAP systems for infrastructure, application, and business processes.
Session Replay
Play back user interactions alongside telemetry data and unlock deeper insights into customer experiences.
Traces
Understand service dependencies of your complex systems end-to-end, with no additional infrastructure.
Infrastructure AWS Monitoring
Monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize your entire AWS environment on the all-in-one observability platform.
Azure Monitoring
Visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot your entire Azure environment and application architecture.
GCP Monitoring
Visibility across infrastructure, applications, and digital customer experiences on GCP.
Infrastructure Monitoring
Solve issues faster by analyzing performance across infrastructure, APM, and logs in a single view.
Kubernetes Monitoring
Analyze your entire cluster, correlating metrics, traces, and logs from everywhere all together.
Network Monitoring
See how your networks impact the performance of applications and services.
Serverless Monitoring
Get real-time insights, automatic instrumentation, and detailed telemetry for every request.
Security Vulnerability Management
Find vulnerabilities with continuous runtime software composition analysis of open source dependencies
IAST
Validate your apps, and APIs as safe or exploitable with automated proof of exploit simulated attacks.
AI & Analytics AI Monitoring
Monitor and troubleshoot AI applications for performance, quality and cost.
AIOps
Automate insights for rapid alerting, incident detection, correlation, and resolution.
Alerts
Pinpoint critical performance issues in real-time to resolve them fast.
Change Tracking
Analyze how deployments and other change events impact performance.
CodeStream
Add observability to your IDE. Auto-filter performance data to the most relevant line of code.
Collaboration
Integrate New Relic with Slack to bring telemetry into the conversation.
Dashboards
Get a complete picture of your data, your way.
Entity Explorer
See system health, relationships, and dependencies across your entire stack in a glance.
Errors Inbox
Detect, triage, and take action on errors across your full stack from a single screen.
Quickstarts
Install pre-built dashboards and alerts to start monitoring in minutes.
New Relic AI
Your generative AI assistant for observability.
Service Levels
Define and consume SLIs and SLOs in just a few clicks.
Logs Log Management
Unlock the power of deeper visibility and actionable insights: Fast, contextual, and affordable.
Testing Synthetic Monitoring
Simulate global traffic to proactively identify and fix issues.
New Relic Database New Relic Database
Power, speed, and scalability to monitor the performance across the entire landscape quickly.
Ingest 700+ Integrations
See across your entire stack with the industry's largest open source integration ecosystem.
Agents
Collect telemetry data and send it to New Relic to monitor any part of your application or stack.
Customized APIs
Use pre-existing or customized APIs and SDKs to send or retrieve data from New Relic.
DevOps & ITSM Integrations
Integrate with CI/CD, DevOps, and IT Service Management solutions.
OpenTelemetry
Easily integrate all your OpenTelemetry data from any source for vendor-neutral flexibility.
All
Insights Cloud
Data Cloud
Pay as you grow.
Pick the edition that's right for you.
Free
Start here
Sign up for free access with our perpetual free tier and 100GB/mo of data ingest included.
100 GB data ingest
The free tier allows for a maximum of 100 GB of data ingested. Data ingest will stop at this threshold, and you must upgrade to one of our plans to ingest beyond 100 GB.
Automatic logs obfuscation
Automatic logs obfuscation: Default option that automatically masks known credit card and Social Security number (SSN) patterns in logs.
Advanced logs obfuscation in Data Plus: Track logs obfuscation rules directly in the log management UI and create anonymous identifiers for sensitive log data, such as personally identifiable information (PII), access tokens, and other private or regulated data.
Unlimited basic and core users
One free full platform user
Access to 30+ capabilities
Data retention
No credit card required
Start for Free Start for Free
Standard
As of September 5, 2023 the Standard edition has new features. Any customers on Standard prior to September 5, 2023 who would like to have access to these features must convert to the new edition.
(UPDATED)
For small teams looking to get started with observability.
Limited to 5 full platform users
Ticketed support availability
2 business days support response SLA
SAML single sign-on
Get Standard Pricing Get Standard Pricing
Stop paying for users, optimize spend by usage.
Learn More > Learn More >
Pro
For teams with more than five engineers and complex workloads.
No maximum on full platform users you can provision
Commitment options
With commitment contracts, an estimate of long-term expected usage is created and there's an agreed-upon payment commitment in exchange for discounted rates during the commitment term. If your organization's usage exceeds that commitment, the excess usage is billed at the previously agreed-upon rates. Learn More
2-hour critical initial support response SLA
Data Plus eligibility
Our Data Plus option is a bundle that offers advanced data capabilities for optimized performance, scale, security, and governance. Learn More
Get Pro Pricing Get Pro Pricing
Select your preferred option.
Sign up for an account to purchase.
It's easy to start a new account. Once your account is set up, you can upgrade to Pro or Enterprise.
Sign Up
Contact sales team to purchase.
We'll get you started with customized pricing, answers to your technical questions—or set up a demo.
Contact Sales Team
Enterprise
For at-scale organizations with advanced security and support needs.
Everything in Pro plus:
FedRAMP Moderate and HIPAA eligibility with Data Plus
Priority ticket routing
1-hour critical initial support response SLA
Get Custom Pricing Get Custom Pricing
Compare editions to suit your scale.
For more in-depth details on our editions and what's included, read our docs
.
Free
Standard
Pro
Enterprise
DATA COSTS (MONTHLY)
Option 1: Original data ingest
Pricing is based on the amount of data ingested by New Relic. Data ingest includes compute, query, and storage and refers to the data saved to New Relic by your organization after we apply various data trimming and data transformation rules, not raw transferred data. Learn More
Free
100 GB free
The free tier allows for a maximum of 100 GB of data ingested. Data ingest will stop at this threshold, and you must upgrade to one of our plans to ingest beyond 100 GB.
Standard
$0.30/GB beyond free 100 GB limit
Pro
$0.30/GB beyond free 100 GB limit
Enterprise
$0.30/GB beyond free 100 GB limit
Option 2: Data Plus data ingest
Pricing is based on the amount of data ingested by New Relic. Data Plus provides advanced performance, governance, and compliance capabilities, including extended data retention, up to 10x the max duration per query and 3x the max query limit, FedRAMP Moderate and HIPAA eligibility, advanced logs obfuscation controls, enhanced streaming and historical-data exports, New Relic Vulnerability Management, cloud provider choice, and more. Learn More
Free
X
Standard
$0.50/GB beyond free 100 GB limit
Pro
$0.50/GB beyond free 100 GB limit
Enterprise
$0.50/GB beyond free 100 GB limit (also includes FedRAMP Moderate
FedRAMP is a program that promotes the adoption of secure cloud services by providing a standardized approach to security and risk assessment for cloud technologies. Eligible accounts can request HIPAA-enabled and FedRAMP-authorized services with Data Plus and Enterprise edition.
and HIPAA eligibility)
USER COSTS (MONTHLY)
Rates are promotional, subject to change, and vary based on the billing program. All amounts are monthly and in USD.
VIEW PERMISSIONS
Access to the New Relic observability platform capabilities is determined by user type. Full platform users get access to all 30+ observability capabilities. View additional information about user permissions below and in our docs
.
Basic user permissions include:
Basic users can access custom non-quickstart dashboards, queries, alerts, and instrumentation. The basic user type is ideal for product managers, engineers, and executives who only need shared performance dashboards or alert-status visibility.
Core user permissions include:
Core users can access everything basic users can plus telemetry data in their IDE via the New Relic CodeStream extension, error tracking, logs, and more. The core user type is ideal for developers who want visibility into their code's performance across production and pre-production environments or who collaborate on issues with DevOps and SRE teams.
Full platform user permissions include:
Full platform users can monitor, debug, and improve their entire stack with access to the full New Relic observability platform, which includes 30+ capabilities. The full platform user type is ideal for engineers responsible for app and system uptime and reliability or any engineer who needs advanced troubleshooting capabilities. A New Relic customer can have only have a single edition at a time (Standard, Pro, or Enterprise). This means, for example, that all your full platform users will be on
View all permissions in docs View all permissions in docs
Basic users
Free
$0
Standard
$0
Pro
$0
Enterprise
$0
Core users
Free
$0 (unlimited)
Standard
$49/user
Pro
$49/user
Enterprise
$49/user
Full platform users
Free
One free user
Standard
$10/first user $99/additional user (maximum of 5)
Pro
$349/user (for annual commitments) $418.80/user (for monthly pay as you go)
Based on yearly commitment, prices may vary. Learn More
Enterprise
$549/user (for annual commitments) $658.80/user (for monthly pay as you go)
Based on yearly commitment, prices may vary. Learn More
COMPUTE COSTS (MONTHLY)
Rates are promotional, subject to change, and vary based on the billing program. All amounts are monthly and in USD.
Compute capacity unit (CCU) tiers
The full promotional pricing table for the Compute Add-On SKU is available in our documentation.
Free
X
Standard
X
Pro
View details View details
Enterprise
View details View details
Free
Start for Free Start for Free
Standard
Get Standard Get Standard
Pro
Get Pro Get Pro
Select your preferred option.
Sign up for an account to purchase.
It's easy to start a new account. Once your account is set up, you can upgrade to Pro or Enterprise.
Sign Up
Contact sales team to purchase.
We'll get you started with customized pricing, answers to your technical questions—or set up a demo.
Contact Sales Team
Enterprise
Get Enterprise Get Enterprise
Maximize your monitoring with optional add-ons and bundles.
Explore Options Explore Options
Looking for more? Bundle to get these features and more at a discounted price:
30+ platform capabilities
Extended data retention
EU data center
Synthetic monitor checks
Volume discounts and commit pricing
New Relic Pricing FAQs
Is New Relic free to use?
New Relic has the most generous free tier in the industry, so you get the same cloud-based observability used by the best software teams in the world.
Our free tier includes (per month):
One full platform user with the ability to visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot your entire stack and access to all 30+ New Relic platform capabilities, such as APM with distributed tracing, infrastructure monitoring, error tracking, digital experience monitoring (DEM, including browser, mobile, and synthetic monitoring), log management, serverless monitoring, AIOps, and more.
Unlimited basic users with access to data ingest, querying, dashboards, and alerts.
100 GB data ingest, including New Relic Vulnerability Management.
Default data retention of at least 8 days.
Default logs obfuscation (automatically masks known credit-card and Social-Security-number patterns in logs).
500 synthetic checks.
Start now
—no credit card required.
When your account is within 85% of exceeding your monthly 100 GB of free data ingest, you’ll receive an email and also get an onscreen alert in the platform that will prompt you to upgrade to Standard or Pro by adding a credit card, billing info, and accepting terms. Contact us
to upgrade to Enterprise. Data ingest will cease and you will lose access to the platform when you exceed your free 100 GB of data ingest for the month until you upgrade to a paid edition or until the first day of the following month when both data ingestion and access to the platform are re-enabled.
Do you charge per host?
No. With New Relic usage-based pricing
you no longer have to count hosts or CPUs. Our straightforward pricing is based on just two core metrics—users and data ingest OR compute and data ingest—making it easy to understand what you’re paying for. In both scenarios, you pay a single, low rate for data, and either a monthly price for each engineer to access 30+ observability capabilities, or a compute price that unlocks platform access for all users. New Relic is the only observability vendor that offers user-based pricing and compute p
These models are widely regarded as superior to legacy host-based pricing. With New Relic, unlimited hosts, agents, containers, devices, AWS Fargate tasks, cloud functions, and more are included at no additional cost.
View The Best Pricing and Billing Models for Observability
white paper to learn more about host-based pricing versus usage-based pricing. View a full-stack observability cost comparison
of our user-based pricing with that of host-based pricing.
What are the differences between basic, core, and full platform users?
Access to the 30+ New Relic observability platform capabilities is determined by user type, unless you’re on the Compute model.
Unlimited free basic users can access custom dashboards, queries, alerts, and instrumentation. The basic user type is ideal for product managers, engineers, and executives who only need shared performance dashboards or alert-status visibility.
Core users—starting at $49 per user— can access everything basic users can plus telemetry data in their IDE via the New Relic CodeStream integration, error tracking, logs, and more. The core user type is ideal for developers who want visibility into their code's performance across production and pre-production environments or who collaborate on issues with DevOps and site reliability engineering (SRE) teams.
Full platform users—starting at $10 per user based on your edition— can monitor, debug, and improve their entire stack with access to the full New Relic observability platform, which includes 30+ capabilities such as APM with distributed tracing, infrastructure monitoring, digital experience monitoring (browser, mobile, and synthetics), log management, Vulnerability Management, AIOps, and more. The full platform user type is ideal for engineers responsible for app and system uptime and reliabili
View a comparison of permissions by user type
.
How does New Relic calculate data ingest?
New Relic calculates data ingest costs based on the volume of data your organization saved in the platform after processing. This includes applying data transformation and trimming rules to the raw data in New Relic for more observability value. You can customize the amount of data you send and ingest.
Learn how to estimate your data ingest cost
.
How much data retention is included with data ingest?
Data retention varies by data option. Data Plus includes up to 90 days of extra retention for most data types over the default. Extended data retention is also available as an add-on. View a comparison table
.
How much do you charge for egress or data hydration?
Nothing! Unlike our competitors, we don’t charge for data egress or hydration. All your data is indexed and ready to query.
Do you offer billable add-on options and bundles?
Yes. We offer several optional billable add-ons, including:
Additional synthetic monitor checks
for when you exceed the default number
Additional data retention time
for when you exceed the default time
Vulnerability Management
for those with our original data option (it’s included with Data Plus)
In addition to our billable add-ons, our Data Plus option
is a bundle that offers advanced data capabilities for optimized performance, scale, security, and governance.
What is Data Plus?
Choose between the New Relic original data option ($0.30/GB beyond the 100 GB free each month) and the Data Plus option ($0.50/GB beyond the 100 GB free each month). You can also choose to store data in the European Union (EU) data center for an additional $0.05/GB per month.
New Relic Data Plus is for teams of all sizes that need access to advanced performance, governance, and compliance capabilities, including:
Up to 90-day extended data retention over default levels: Instead of paying individual premiums for the data indexing and retention of each data source, you can choose which data is stored longer in New Relic without increasing your monthly costs per data type.
FedRAMP Moderate and HIPAA eligibility: With the New Relic Data Plus option, Enterprise edition customers can request additional security configurations to help with FedRAMP and HIPAA compliance, which is especially helpful if you’re in a highly-regulated sector.
Advanced logs obfuscation: Create and track rules directly in the log management UI and mask or hash sensitive log data.
New Relic Vulnerability Management: Get continuous runtime software composition analysis (SCA) and vulnerability assessment prioritization, with no additional configuration when using supported New Relic APM agents. Instantly detect common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVEs) across supported application dependencies. Easily import vulnerability data from your existing assessment tools for a single view of the vulnerability surface area of your software across DevOps and security teams—in contex
Enhanced streaming and historical-data export: Easily export New Relic data to external destinations for historical analysis and modeling, long-term storage, and integration with other data analytics platforms.
Learn more about Data Plus
.
Do you offer volume discounts and commit pricing?
Yes. New Relic offers commitment contract options to Pro and Enterprise edition customers with volume and savings plans that provide volume discounts, predictability, scalability, and flexibility. With the savings plan, you can use an annual or multi-year pool of funds for any combination of usage across the entire term. Plus, New Relic is the only observability vendor that offers an automatic rollover of unused funds for up to 12 months.
Learn more about New Relic commitment options
.
Do you offer pay-as-you-go options?
Yes. New Relic offers pay-as-you-go options for Standard and Pro edition customers.
With this option, billing happens at the end of each calendar month. There are no payment commitments past the current month and an organization can cancel at any time. An organization's first end-of-month bill includes billable usage starting from when their credit card information was input into New Relic.
You pay as low as $10 for your first full user (Standard edition) and any usage beyond your free benefits (100 GB ingested, 10,000 synthetic monitors). View more
details of plans offered and upgrade today.
How is my monthly bill calculated?
New Relic is one of only two observability vendors that offer usage-based billing. That means we bill you for your number of provisioned full platform or core users and the amount of gigabytes ingested per month above the free 100 GB. Our original data option is $0.30/GB per month. Our Data Plus option is $0.50/GB per month and includes extended data retention and advanced data governance/performance.
You can also store data in the EU data center for an additional $0.05/GB per month. Additional synthetics checks beyond the amount included in your edition are available at $0.005 per check. If you select our original data option, you can add New Relic Vulnerability Management for $0.10/GB ingested (Vulnerability Management is included with the Data Plus option).
At any point, you can use tools to query, track, and alert on your monthly billing-related usage in the New Relic platform.
Do you have discounts for startups and nonprofits?
Yes. New Relic has an Observability for Good
program for nonprofits, and New Relic for Startups
helps early-stage startups build and scale their next great idea.
How can I be sure my data is secure?
New Relic is deeply committed to the security of your data
Our industry-standard security technologies and comprehensive policies and controls keep everything you rely on safe.
You can also make personal data requests to New Relic in accordance with data protection laws, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). In addition, you can request HIPAA- and FedRAMP-compliant data encryption and security for your eligible account and services with Data Plus and Enterprise edition.
Can I cancel my account?
You can cancel anytime with the pay-as-you-go option, and you will only pay for any usage prior to cancellation. If you're on another buying program with a term commitment fee, you remain responsible for payment of your commitment fee regardless of whether you want to cease use of New Relic's offerings.
Related Resources
New Relic, Datadog, and Dynatrace cost comparison
Learn More
Top five observability pricing traps
Learn More
Data Plus pricing: Affordable observability at scale
Learn More
The Best Pricing and Billing Models for Observability
Learn More
Get started today for free.
Get Started Free Get Started Free
Get Demo Get Demo
