Simple, Fair Pricing.
Try Pirsch Analytics on your website for 30 days — free of charge and with no credit card required.
How many monthly page views do you have?
Which billing cycle do you prefer?
Monthly
Annually
All prices are shown without any applicable sales taxes such as VAT.
All-inclusive
$ 5 per month, billed annually
Unlimited Websites
Unlimited Admins
100% Data Ownership
RESTful API and SDKs
Custom Event Tracking
Conversion Goal Tracking
Full Access Management
Public Dashboards
Unique Access Links
CSV Data Export
Regular Email Reports
Start 30-day Free Trial
No credit card required.
Frequently Asked Questions
In case you don't find an answer here, write to us at support@pirsch.io
.
How does Pirsch anonymize visitor data?
Pirsch is privacy-friendly
To achieve this, it uses the HTTP protocol to recognise users. It generates a hash for each visitor, calculated from the visitor's IP address, User-Agent and other data points, to ensure that statistics are anonymized.
Where is my data stored?
All data is stored on servers owned and operated by Hetzner Online in Germany. Your subscription data is processed by our partner Stripe in the USA.
Can I export my data?
Yes, you can download all your statistics into CSV files
from the settings page. We also provide an API to work with the data in your tools.
What happens when I reach my monthly page view limit?
If you reach the usage limit before the end of your billing period, your access will be limited to the day you reached the limit. We will continue to collect data for your sites for a further five days. To regain access to your statistics and avoid gaps, you must upgrade your plan within those five days or wait until your usage limit is reset.
Which payment options are available?
We offer payment by credit card. EU customers can get in touch
and receive an annual invoice payable via SEPA. We plan to add more payment methods in the future.
Can I upgrade or downgrade my plan?
Yes, you can change your plan at any time. If you downgrade, the difference will be added to your balance for the remainder of your billing cycle. If you upgrade at a later date, your balance will be used first.
Does every user need a subscription?
Only the owner of a dashboard needs a subscription. You can add as many viewers or administrators to a dashboard as you like. Even after your free trial has expired, you can still log in to view and manage any dashboard you've access to.
Do you have an affiliate program?
Yes, our affiliate program allows you to earn rewards for referring new customers to Pirsch. You can simply copy your personal affiliate link and every time someone signs up for a subscription, a reward is added to your account balance.
Learn more here
.
Ready to Get Started?
Try Pirsch for free for 30 days — setting up your first website only takes a few minutes.
Start 30-day Free Trial
No credit card required.
