Simple, Fair Pricing
Try Pirsch Analytics on your website for 30 days — free of charge and with no credit card required.
Monthly Page Views
Monthly
Annually
Standard
$ 6 /month
You save per year!
50 Websites
Unlimited Members
Unlimited Data Retention
100% Data Ownership
RESTful API & SDKs
Events & Conversion Goals
Google Analytics Import
Start 30-day Free Trial
Plus New
$ 12 /month
You save per year!
Everything in Standard, and:
Unlimited Websites
Custom Domains
Custom Themes
Extensive White Labeling
Organizations
Priority Support
Start 30-day Free Trial
Enterprise
Custom
Everything in Plus, and:
On-premise or Managed Cloud
SAML-based Single Sign-On
Personal Onboarding
Online User Training
Custom Features Upon Request
Dedicated Support
Request a Quote
We offer payment by credit card, PayPal, or SEPA direct debit (EUR only). All prices are exclusive of any applicable sales taxes such as VAT. Custom events and 10% of events for session extensions count towards your monthly page view limit.
Compare All Features
Get an overview of what is included. There are regular updates with new features, let us know if you are missing anything.
Standard
Get Started
Plus
Get Started
Enterprise
Contact Us
Usage
Monthly Page Views
Variable
Websites
50
Unlimited
Members
Unlimited
Data Retention
Unlimited
Features
Powerful Filters
Saveable Filters (Views)
Custom Event Tracking
Custom Event Metrics
E-commerce Revenue Tracking
Conversion Goal Tracking
Outbound Link Tracking
File Download Tracking
404 Page Tracking
Automatic Email Reports
Google Search Console Plugin
Integration
Website Integration
Server-side Integration
RESTful API & SDKs
Script Proxies
Wordpress Plugin
Community Support
Access
Public Dashboards
Unique Access Links
Member Roles
Organizations
SAML-based Single Sign-On
Customization
Custom Domains
Custom Themes
Custom Logos
Extensive White Labeling
Data
GDPR-compliant
100% Data Ownership
Google Analytics Import
CSV Export
Hosting
Cloud (Germany)
On-premise (Self-hosted)
Custom Cloud (Managed)
Support
Email Support
Community Support
Priority Support
Dedicated Support
Personal Onboarding
Online User Training
Frequently Asked Questions
In case you don't find an answer here, write to us at support@pirsch.io
.
How does Pirsch anonymize visitor data?
Pirsch is privacy-friendly
To achieve this, it uses the HTTP protocol to recognise users. It generates a hash for each visitor, calculated from the visitor's IP address, User-Agent and other data points, to ensure that statistics are anonymized.
Where is my data stored?
All data is stored on servers owned and operated by Hetzner Online in Germany. Your subscription data is processed by our partner Stripe in the USA.
Can I export my data?
Yes, you can download all your statistics into CSV files
from the settings page. We also provide an API to work with the data in your tools.
How is the monthly limit calculated?
The monthly limit is based on the number of page views, events, and 10% of session extensions since the start of your billing cycle. Deleted domains also count towards your limit until it is reset.
What happens when I reach my monthly page view limit?
If you reach the usage limit before the end of your billing period, your access will be limited to the day you reached the limit. We will continue to collect data for your sites for a further five days. To regain access to your statistics and avoid gaps, you must upgrade your plan within those five days or wait until your usage limit is reset.
Which payment options are available?
We offer payment by credit card and PayPal. If you choose Euro as your currency on the billing page, you will also have the option to pay via SEPA Direct Debit.
Can I upgrade or downgrade my plan?
Yes, you can change your plan at any time. If you downgrade, the difference will be added to your balance for the remainder of your billing cycle. If you upgrade at a later date, your balance will be used first.
Does every user need a subscription?
Only the owner of a dashboard needs a subscription. You can add as many viewers or administrators to a dashboard as you like. Even after your free trial has expired, you can still log in to view and manage any dashboard you've access to.
Do you have an affiliate program?
Yes, our affiliate program allows you to earn rewards for referring new customers to Pirsch. You can simply copy your personal affiliate link and every time someone signs up for a subscription, a reward is added to your account balance.
Learn more here
.
Ready to Get Started?
Try Pirsch for free for 30 days — setting up your first website only takes a few minutes.
Start 30-day Free Trial
