Product
Meet Tailscale
How it works
Learn about Tailscale mesh networking, built on Wireguard®
Why Tailscale
Networking that just works. Trusted by hundreds of thousands of devs
Meet Tailscale
Integrations
Features
Compare Tailscale
Use Cases
Business VPN
Replace your legacy VPN
Remote Access
Securely access shared resources
Site-to-site Networking
Connect internal resources and environments
Homelab
Create your own personal Internet
Zero Trust Networking
Identity-based access controls
Meet Tailscale
Integrations
Features
Compare Tailscale
Docs
Enterprise
Customers
Resources
Blog
Find the latest Tailscale updates, and other networking-related topics.
Events & Webinars
Connect with us at an upcoming event.
Pricing
Download
Get started
Login
WireGuard is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2024 Tailscale Inc. All rights reserved. Tailscale is a registered trademark of Tailscale Inc.
Plans that work for everyone
Free
For individuals or small teams who want all that Tailscale has to offer, for free.
$0
Per active user/month
Get started free
Users and devices
Up to 3 users w/Custom Domain
Up to 100 devices
Features
Peer-To-Peer Connections
MagicDNS
Network, Resource-level, and Attribute-based Access Policies (ACLs)
User Approval
SSO with standard IdP
Starter
For teams or organizations looking for an easy-to-use, secure, legacy VPN replacement.
$6
Per active user/month
Get started free
Users and devices
First 3 users free
Unlimited Users
100 devices + 10 devices per user
Features
Limited ACLs
ACL tags
Auth Keys
SSO with standard IdP
Configuration Audit Logging
Webhooks
Premium
For companies who need service and resource level authentication and access control.
$18
Per active user/month
Get started free
Users and devices
First 3 users free
Unlimited Users
100 devices + 20 devices per user
Features
ACLs
SSO with advanced IdP
Network flow logging
Tailscale SSH
Tailscale Funnel
GitOps for ACLs
Admin user roles
Priority support
Enterprise
For companies who need advanced integrations, compliance and support for access control at scale.
Custom
Purpose-built for business
Contact Sales
Users and devices
Unlimited Users
Custom Devices
Features
User & Group provisioning (SCIM)
Network flow logging with log streaming
Tailscale SSH session recording
Annual Billing
Pay By Invoice
Tailnet Lock
Advanced Device Posture Management
Additional Support Options
Add-ons
Get more out of Tailscale with optional add-ons. Available on all plans. Head to the settings page
to configure your add-ons.
Securely and privately browse the web with Tailscale + Mullvad. Learn more
$5
Per month for 5 devices
Get started
Have any questions? Check out our product FAQ
licensing FAQ
or contact sales
team.
Compare plans and features
Compare plans
Free
Starter
Premium
Enterprise
Pricing per active user/month
$0
$6
$18
Custom
Users & Devices
Users A user is any distinct email address in your account. You get 3 users for free in Starter and Premium.
3
Unlimited
Desktop & mobile apps
Devices A device is any computer, phone, or server with Tailscale installed that's connected to your network. Device limits are pooled across your network.
100
100 + 10/user
100 + 20/user
Custom
Virtual Private Networking
Peer-to-peer connections Establish direct connections between nodes in your tailnet, to minimize latency.
End-to-end encryption Encrypt all traffic end-to-end with WireGuard&reg;.
IPv4 and IPv6 Route both IPv4 and IPv6 traffic.
Split tunnelling Split DNS traffic so only traffic to your internal network goes over Tailscale, and everything else goes directly to the internet.
Short DNS host names (MagicDNS) Automatically register human readable DNS names with MagicDNS to make it even easier to access devices and services on your network.
Exit nodes Route Internet traffic through a designated egress point on your tailnet, like a traditional VPN.
Subnet routers Relay traffic from your tailnet through a gateway to a subnet of VPCs, corporate LANs, physical networks, and more.
App connectors Control access to software as a service (SaaS) applications available over your tailnet.
HA failover Expose the same subnet routers and app connectors on multiple routers to ensure availability even if one router goes offline.
IP space collision resolution (4via6 subnet routers) Route traffic to overlapping IPv4 subnets without renumbering with 4via6 subnet routers, by assigning unique IPv6 addresses for each subnet.
Regional routing Route your traffic across distributed HA subnet routers or app connectors based on region.
Access control
Network-level access policies (ACLs) Precisely define access in your tailnet based on IP address, subnet, or port.
ACL tests Test ACLs to make sure they're properly scoped to avoid unnecessary exposure of critical systems on your network.
GitOps for ACLs Use a GitOps workflow to centralize management and version-control of your ACLs.
On-demand access Use partner integrations to grant elevated privileges (e.g. on-call), including temporary access, using an approval workflow.
Resource-level access policies Use ACL tags to assign identity to a device in order to enforce access based on roles and groups.
Restrict based on purpose (ACL tags) Assign an identity to a device that is separate from human users, and use that identity as part of an ACL to restrict access.
Restrict based on group Allow specific ACL-defined groups to access tagged nodes.
autogroups only
Restrict based on individual user Allow specific ACL-defined users to access tagged nodes.
Separation of administrative duties (User roles) Assign admin roles to appropriately manage permissions, including IT admin, Network admin, Billing admin, and Auditor roles.
Application Networking
Service accounts Pre-authenticate services or nodes (e.g., servers and ephemeral containers) added to your network.
Service provisioning Assign an identity to a service or node and restrict access on your tailnet, using ACL tags.
Tailscale Kubernetes operator Provide full ingress and egress connectivity from Kubernetes clusters to non-Kubernetes resources, as well as cross-cluster peering, via Tailscale.
Tailscale SSH Authenticate and encrypt SSH connections between devices in your tailnet, using Tailscale instead of SSH basic auth, keys, certs, or a bastion.
Tailscale Funnel Route traffic from the Internet to a node in your tailnet to publicly share it with anyone, even if they aren’t using Tailscale.
User Management
User approval Prevent new users in your organization from joining a tailnet until they’ve been approved by an admin
Standard user roles Standard user roles include owner, admin, and member
Advanced user roles Advanced user roles include billing admin, IT admin, network admin, and auditor
SSO with standard IdP (e.g., Google, Microsoft, GitHub, Keycloak, custom) Log in to Tailscale and manage users with any free native and/or custom OIDC identity provider.
SSO with advanced IdP (e.g., Okta, OneLogin, JumpCloud, custom) Log in to Tailscale and manage users with any paid and/or custom OIDC identity provider.
Custom authentication periods Enforce that users re-authenticate with your identity provider at an interval you choose. By default, this is every 6 months
User & group provisioning (Azure AD + SCIM) Sync group membership and new or deactivated users from Azure AD.
User & group provisioning (Okta + SCIM) Sync group membership and new or deactivated users from Okta.
Endpoint & Posture Management
Device approval Review and approve new devices and nodes before adding them to your tailnet.
Tailnet lock Prevent new, and potentially malicious, nodes from joining your tailnet without first being signed by an already trusted node.
Device posture management Use posture conditions to more granularly control access in your network policies.
Postures based on custom attributes Attach custom posture attributes to your devices and use them as part of posture conditions.
up to 2
Device posture integrations Automatically synchronize device trust information from third-party posture checking tools and use it as part of posture conditions.
Monitoring & Compliance
Webhooks Subscribe to events on your tailnet, and forward those events to any integration or app — like Slack or Microsoft Teams.
Configuration audit logging Record actions that modify a tailnet's configuration, including type of action, actor, target resource, and time.
Network flow logging Record network traffic between nodes on your tailnet.
Tailscale SSH session recording Capture and stream terminal sessions over Tailscale SSH for analysis or storage.
Log streaming Send real-time network traffic information to any SIEM or observability tool for analysis, or to a bucket for long-term storage.
configuration logs only
Interfaces
UI Log in to the tailscale.com admin console to manage users, nodes, and their permissions, on your tailnet.
CLI Quickly access information, manage devices or troubleshoot issues with a built-in command-line interface.
API Use the API to manage your network's devices, ACLs, DNS settings, and more.
IaC Configure your tailnet using Terraform or Pulumi.
Support
Customer support Use the knowledge base or email us to get help with using Tailscale.
Priority support Get support with a response SLA.
Additional support options
Payment Options
Pay by credit card
Pay by invoice
Annual billing
Pricing FAQs
Does Tailscale have a free trial?
Tailscale has a Free plan that includes nearly everything Tailscale has to offer for up to 100 devices, and up to 3 provisioned users.
How does monthly active user billing work?
Tailscale will charge you at the end of each month for all active users on your account during that time period. Tailscale will automatically apply a credit for 3 monthly active users to the Starter and Premium plan. For example, if you have 10 active users in a month then you will only be billed for 7 of them.
How do device limits work?
Our Free plan offers the ability to add a maximum of 100 devices. However for our Starter and Premium plans the total number of allowed devices increases as the number of provisioned users on the network increases. Please note that device limits are pooled.
For example, if you’re on the Starter plan and have a 150 device limit, one user can have 30 provisioned devices and the remaining four users can each have five provisioned devices, leaving a pool of 100 devices for future users. Devices shared with you as a user don’t count towards your limit.
What's the benefit of Access Control Lists (ACLs)?
ACLs allow your organization to adopt one of the core tenets of Zero Trust networking: least privileged access. Before joining your tailnet every user is authenticated using an identity provider (IdP) such as Okta, Azure AD, or Github. Organizations on certain plans can choose to segment their users into roles and groups (e.g. developer and engineering org) to apply policies at scale. ACL tags, the last piece to this puzzle, allow you to assign an identity to your devices. Once these pieces are 
Do you offer discounts for non-profits or educational institutions?
Not-for-profit organizations, and educational institutions are eligible for a 50% discount off of listed prices. Choose your billing plan in the admin console, and contact us to have the discount applied.
Try Tailscale for free
Get started
Schedule a demo
Contact sales
