Flexible pricing that scales with your application
What would you like to build?
B2B SaaS Authentication
Consumer Authentication
Fraud and Risk Prevention
Starter
For prototypes or just getting started
$0/mo
Base price
Includes 25 organizations for free
Each additional Org is 0.50/ Org
Includes 1,000 MAUs for free
Each additional MAU is 0.05/ MAU
Start building
Start for free with:
Full suite of authentication and authorization features, including session management, multi-tenancy, and RBAC
Organization switching
Multi-factor authentication (including SMS, email, authenticator apps, and WebAuthn)
Complete API and SDKs
Pre-built UI components available out-of-the-box
Comprehensive support
GDPR & CCPA compliant; SOC 2 Type II & ISO 27001 certified
$0
Total monthly invoice
Pro
For production applications that want full branding control
$249/mo
Base price
Includes 25 organizations for free
Each additional Org is 0.50/ Org
Includes 1,000 MAUs for free
Each additional MAU is 0.05/ MAU
Start building
Everything in Starter, plus:
Includes 3 Enterprise SSO connections
Multiple SSO Connections per Org
JIT Provisioning Controls by SSO Connection
Ability to remove Stytch branding
Full customization for email domains and design
Email and SMS provider failover
$249
Total monthly invoice
Scale
For applications scaling to support more organizations
$799/mo
Base price
Includes 100 organizations for free
Each additional Org is 1.00/ Org
Includes 5,000 MAUs for free
Each additional MAU is 0.10/ MAU
Start building
All features in Pro, plus:
Includes 8 Enterprise SSO connections
Enforced Organization-level MFA policies
$799
Total monthly invoice
Enterprise
For applications requiring higher security, support, and performance
Custom
Volume discounts available on both organizations and MAUs
Contact sales
All features in Scale, plus:
Unlimited Enterprise SSO connections
Bot detection
Device fingerprinting
M2M authentication
SCIM (coming soon)
Enterprise support
99.999% uptime SLA
How many monthly active users?
1,000
1,000 20,000+
How many monthly active organizations?
25
25 500+
Powered by Stytch
Features
Organization management
Starter
Pro
Scale
Enterprise
Base price
$0
$249
$799
Contact us
External active organizations
Fee per additional monthly active organization
25 free $0.50
100 free $1.00
Volume discounts
External active users (members)
Fee per additional monthly active member
1000 free $0.05
5000 free $0.10
Volume discounts
Member invitations
Member and organization metadata
Just-in-time provisioning by approved domains
Invite controls by approved domain
JIT provisioning controls per org for SSO
Per organization MFA controls
Organization switching
Approved authentication methods
Role Based Access Control (RBAC)
Enterprise SSO connections
3
8
Unlimited
Branding and UI
Starter
Pro
Scale
Enterprise
Customizable login experience
3 integration options (direct API, frontend SDKs, and pre-built UI components)
Custom email domains
Complete email customization (full HTML)
Remove Stytch branding
Security and compliance
Starter
Pro
Scale
Enterprise
Bot detection and prevention
Device fingerprinting
Strong CAPTCHA
Compliance certifications
HIPAA/BAA
Platform support
Starter
Pro
Scale
Enterprise
Service-level agreement (SLA)
99.999% uptime SLA
Number of admin
Unlimited
Stytch Forum
Email support
Slack support
Community
Dedicated channel
Enterprise support
Learn more through Stytch’s B2B auth school
Auth
November 4, 2022
Introducing B2B Auth School
Auth
November 17, 2022 - January 2023
Organization tenancy: the foundation of SSO and B2B data models
What is single sign on, and how does it work?
SSO protocols: SAML vs. OIDC
What is OpenID Connect (OIDC)?
What is SAML, and how does it work?
Choosing a B2B auth provider
Got a question about pricing? We’ve got you covered
What happens if I surpass the Starter tier?
If you surpass the 25 organizations and 1,000 members included in the Starter tier, we'll start billing any usage beyond that at the listed unit rates, which is $0.05 per monthly active user (MAU) and $0.50 per monthly active organization (MAO) for the Free plan. An 'active' organization is one with at least 2 members, where at least one of them has engaged with your app in a given month.
Why should I trust Stytch with my users?
Stytch services are designed, developed, monitored, and updated with security at our core to protect you and your customers’ data and privacy.
In addition to holding ourselves to the highest level of infrastructure, service level, and personnel security requirements, we also build best-in-class security into the products we offer customers with features like breached password detection, bot prevention, and more.
Stytch is committed to helping our customers comply with the various regulatory frameworks our customers operate under (including but not limited to HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA, PSD2, and PCI). We also maintain a SOC 2 Type II audit and conduct continuous penetration testing. Reach out if you'd like more information.
What happens if I stop using Stytch? How can I safely export my data?
While we're sorry to see you go and would love your feedback, we'll make sure to make your data export and transition as smooth as possible. Reach out to support@stytch.com for more information.
What is Stytch's uptime and status?
You can follow Stytch's uptime and status here
Stytch's systems have over 99.999% monthly uptime figures, and we also provide service level agreements for contracted customers.
Do you have any special offers for startups?
Yes! We offer special deals for YCombinator participants and AI startups that have raised less than $10M. Please visit our Stytch for startups
page to learn more. We also offer a generous free plan for all startups regardless of industry or accelerator affiliation.
How does SMS and WhatsApp passthrough pricing work?
Stytch passes through the cost of sending SMS and WhatsApp messages to end users outside of the United States or Canada. SMS and WhatsApp One-Time Passcodes (OTPs) to end users in the United States and Canada are currently included with Stytch at no additional charge.
For international OTPs, we charge you the same amount that we are charged by our SMS and WhatsApp providers with no upcharge. You can see the pricing for each country by visiting Twilio's pricing pages for SMS
and WhatsApp
This is important to keep in mind as you plan costs and which countries you want to support as pricing can vary significantly by country.
Pricing example:, if a user logs in via SMS OTP twice per month, you'd be charged the base MAU rate, e.g. either $0.00 or $0.05 after your plan's free MAU allotment, plus the market rate cost of sending two SMS messages. If the user had a United Kingdom phone number (+44), that would be an additional $0.042 per SMS on top of thebase MAU rate. When you receive an invoice from Stytch, SMS and WhatsApp OTP charges are split out to allow you to see and understand your costs on a granular level.
Other benefits that are included in this passthrough cost are built-in provider failover
no need to configure or manage additional third party services like Twilio or Sendgrid and optimized templates for high deliverability out of the box.
Volume discounts are available, so reach out to our Sales team
if you'd like to learn about volume discounts on messaging.
Additionally we'd encourage you to read our article on toll fraud aka SMS pumping
Stytch has built-in protections against this type of attack, but it’s important to take precautions where possible to limit your risk.
What is a Monthly Active User (MAU) and a Monthly Active Organization (MAO)?
A monthly active user (MAU), also referred to as a 'member' in many B2B contexts, is defined as a user that engages with your app in a given month. A monthly active organization (MAO) is an organization with at least 2 members, where at least one of them has engaged with your app in a given month.
