Docs
Search documentation ⌘ K
Get started
Collapse sidebar
Run a model from Node.js
Run a model from Google Colab
Run a model from Python
Fine-tune an image model
Guides
Cache images with Cloudflare
Build a website with Next.js
Build a Discord bot with Python
Build an app with SwiftUI
Push your own model
Push a Diffusers model
Push a Transformers model
Push a model using GitHub Actions
Deploy a custom model
Get a GPU machine
ComfyUI
Craft generative AI workflows with ComfyUI
Use ComfyUI manager
Start by running the ComfyUI examples
Popular ComfyUI custom nodes
Run your ComfyUI workflow on Replicate
Run ComfyUI with an API
Hypermedia
Build AI apps fast with hypermedia
What is hypermedia, and why use it for AI apps?
Building a face swapping app with Val Town, HTMX, and Replicate
Instant ID
Make images of real people instantly with InstantID
Run InstantID with an API
Language models
Prompt and run open-source large language models (LLMs)
How to use open source language models
Use cases for open source language models
Popular open source language models and their use cases
How to prompt open source large language models
Advanced prompting for open source large language models
Llava
Talk to images with Llava 13B
Model best practices
Best practices for Replicate models
Photomaker
Generate photos of real people with Photomaker
Stable Diffusion
Make art with Stable Diffusion
How to use Stable Diffusion
Image to image (img2img) with Stable Diffusion
Inpainting with Stable Diffusion
Outpainting with Stable Diffusion
Fine-tuning Stable Diffusion
Using ControlNet with Stable Diffusion
Fast Stable Diffusion: Turbo and latent consistency models (LCMs)
A to Z of Stable Diffusion
Upscaling images
Upscale images with AI models
Upscaling images with Real-ESRGAN
Fixing faces with GFPGAN and Codeformer
Upscaling images with SwinIR
Upscaling images with ControlNet tile
Upscaling images with Ultimate SD Upscale
Whisper
Turn speech to text with WhisperX
Run WhisperX with an API
Topics
Models
About models
Run a model
Create a model
Publish a model
Model versions
Model hardware
Private and public models
Training destinations
Delete a model
Predictions
About predictions
Create a prediction
Input files
Output files
Prediction lifecycle
Share a prediction
Rate limits
Safety checking
Data retention
Streaming output
Deployments
About deployments
Create a deployment
View deployments
Delete a deployment
Webhooks
About webhooks
Set up webhooks
Receive webhooks
Verify webhooks
Test your webhook code
Organizations
About organizations
Billing
About billing
Site policy
About subprocessors
Reference
How does Replicate work?
Client libraries
HTTP API
OpenAPI schema
Open source
Lifecycle of an instance
Offline
Type Duration
Setup time
0.0 s
Active time
0.0 s
Idle time
0.0 s
Offline
When a model isn’t under demand, we scale it down to the minimum number of instances set (0 by default - you can customize this for deployments).
Setting up
When requests start to come in for a model, or the request volume is too high for the model's current scale to cope with, we set up an instance (up to a maximum - you can customize this for deployments). This can take a few seconds as we perform setup work like downloading weights.
Active
Once the model instance has finished setting up, it can start processing the queue of requests.
Idle
When there's a gap in requests, the instance will go idle for a few minutes rather than shutting down immediately, so it can stay responsive and avoid needing to set up from scratch every time.
Public models
When you use a public model on Replicate, you only pay for the time it's active processing your requests. Setup and idle time for the model is free.
By default, you share a hardware pool with other customers, meaning your requests enter a shared queue alongside other customer requests. This means you will sometimes encounter cold boots
or scaling limits depending on how other customers are using the model.
If you would like more control over how the model is run, you can use a deployment
and have your own instances and request queue.
Private models
Unlike public models, most private models (with the exception of fast booting models
) run on dedicated hardware and you don't have to share a queue with anyone else. This means you pay for all the time instances of the model are online: the time they spend setting up; the time they spend idle, waiting for requests; and the time they spend active, processing your requests.
As with public models, if you would like more control over how a private model is run, you can use a deployment
.
Here’s an example using Meta's Llama 3.1 405B Instruct
:
Tokens
Count
Price
Input
Write a lim er ick about llam as
8
$0.0000760
Output
There once was a ll ama named Sue, \n
Wh ose favorite color was blue, \n
She lived in the And es, \n
With her friends e ating cand ies \n
And together they all played k az oo.
43
$0.0004085
Total
51
$0.0004845
Fast booting models
Sometimes, we're able to optimize how a trained model is run so it boots fast. This works by using a common, shared pool of hardware running the base model. In these cases, we only ever charge you for the time the model is active and processing your requests, regardless of whether or not it's public or private.
Fast booting versions of models are labeled as such in the model's version list. You can also see which versions support the creation of fast booting models when training.
Deployments
are a feature that allow you to, among other things, control the hardware and scaling parameters of any model. Like with private models, we charge for all the time deployment instances are online: the time they spend setting up; the time they spend idle, waiting for requests; and the time they spend active, processing your requests.
In addition to the benefits of having a stable endpoint and graceful rollouts of versions, you might want to use a deployment if, for example:
you want to configure a public model owned by someone else to run on different hardware
you have steady use of a model and want to avoid being impacted by other customers using it
you know your expected request rate and want to avoid cold boots
you have a private model with a consistent, predictable request rate
Note that well-tuned deployments are usually only marginally more expensive than public models, because, despite paying for setup and idle time for deployment instances, when configured correctly, they should only be setting up or idle for a fraction of the time they're active.
Failed and canceled runs
For public models, if a run fails, we don't charge you for its time. However, if you cancel a run, we charge you for the time it ran up until that point.
For private models and deployments, failed and canceled runs are billed for the time the instances they ran on were active, as normal.
Hardware
Different models run on different hardware. You'll find the hardware specifications under the "Run time and cost" heading on each model's page. Check out stability-ai/sdxl
for an example.
If a model is one you created on Replicate, you can adjust which hardware to use in the model's settings. You can also specify hardware for a deployment.
Billing
At the beginning of each month, we charge you for what you used in the previous month.
The minimum billable unit for an individual run of a public model is 1 second or 1 token.
Sometimes, when your usage exceeds certain thresholds for the first time, or after you change your payment method, we charge you early for some of the month's usage. We do this to help prevent fraudulent use of Replicate.
You can find your current usage and manage your billing settings on your account page
.
Free limits
You can try featured models
out on Replicate for free, but after a bit you'll be asked to set up billing.
Some features are only available to customers with billing set up.
