Skip to main content
Figma Design
Design and prototype in one place
FigJam
Collaborate with a digital whiteboard
Dev Mode
Translate designs into code
Figma Slides
Beta
Co-create presentations
AI
New
Explore all Figma AI features
Downloads
Get the desktop, mobile, and font installer apps
What’s new
See the latest features and releases
Use cases
Design systems
Prototyping
UX design
Web design
Wireframing
Online whiteboard
Team meetings
Strategic planning
Brainstorming
Diagramming
Product development
Web development
Design handoff
Agile
Roles
Design
Engineering
Product managers
Organizations
Enterprise
Education
Config 2025
Register to join us in SF or online: May 6-8, 2025
Creator fund
Build and sell what you love
User groups
Join a local Friends of Figma group
Events
Learn best practices at virtual events
Customer stories
Read about leading product teams
Shortcut: The Figma blog
Stories about how products take shape—and shape our world
Get started
Plugins
UI kits
Icons
Widgets
Templates
Developer docs
Partners
See all
Learn
Best practices
Reports & insights
Resource library
Demos
Webinars
Help center
Choose the right plan for your team
Figma
FigJam
Prices in $ USD
$ USD
Plans
Starter Team
Free
Select plan
Features:
Figma editor
3 collaborative design files
Unlimited personal drafts
Basic file inspection
Professional Team
$15 /full seat/mo
Save 20% when billed annually
Select plan
Free for students and educators
Everything in Starter, plus:
Design
Unlimited Figma files
Team libraries
Advanced prototyping
Dev Mode
View annotations
Advanced inspection
VS Code extension
Admin
Unlimited version history
Shared and private projects
Organization
$45 /full seat/mo
or $25 /mo for Dev Mode only
Billed annually
Select plan
Contact sales
Everything in Professional, plus:
Design
Org-wide libraries
Design system analytics
Branching and merging
Dev Mode
Private plugins
Admin
Centralized file management
Unified admin and billing
Single sign-on
Enterprise
$75 /full seat/mo
or $35 /mo for Dev Mode only
Billed annually
Contact sales
Learn more
Everything in Organization, plus:
Design
Advanced design system theming
Sync variables to code via REST API
Default libraries by workspace
Dev Mode
Set default code language
Pin and auto-run plugins
Admin
Dedicated workspaces for teams
Guest access controls
Seat management via SCIM
Idle session timeout
Advanced link sharing controls
Price per seat, per team. Viewers are always free. Learn more about seats and permissions.
See full feature list
Figma Slides
BETA
With advanced editing tools and built-in interactivity, Figma Slides makes it easy to design and co-create presentations. Starting on March 11, 2025, Figma Slides will be generally available and included in the new Full, Dev, and Collab seats
.
Explore Figma Slides
Compare all features
Starter Team
Free
Select plan
Professional Team
$15 /full seat/mo
Select plan
Organization
$45 /full seat/mo
Select plan
Enterprise
$75 /full seat/mo
Select plan
Design
Version history
Figma auto-saves and creates versions of your file every 30 minutes. You can name a version at any time and link to past versions.
30 days
Figma Editor
All the design features you’re familiar with—canvas, layers, grids, vectors, shapes, text, constraints, and more
Advanced drawing tools
Figma invents features purpose built for web/UI designers, like Smart Selection, Vector Networks, and Arc Tool
Auto layout
Create interface designs which resize automatically with their content
Plugins and widgets
Use plugins and widgets built by the Figma community to improve your workflow
Unlimited file storage
Unlimited cloud storage; access files from anywhere
Cross platform
Figma works on Mac, PC, and Linux devices
Sketch import
Create a new Figma file from your Sketch import
View properties and variables
See component properties from your design system in the in Inspect panel
Basic codegen
Generate CSS, iOS, and Android code snippets
Collaboration
Multiplayer
Figma enables multiple editors to jump into the same file, live edit, and work together
Unlimited viewers
Invite as many people as you want to view, comment, inspect, or export from your Figma files–for free!
Shareable links
Send a link to a Figma file or prototype—and control who get access to view or edit
On-canvas commenting
Collaborators can comment directly on a prototype or file, so you know exactly what they’re referencing
Observation mode
Click on a specific user to see what they see on their screen—great for user testing and design critiques
Private projects
Create invite-only spaces for your team to work privately
Prototype sharing permissions
Share prototypes with clients and stakeholders without sharing the underlying design file
Audio conversations
Use audio to talk with your collaborators directly in a Figma or FigJam file
Team and project transfer
Option to request a team or project transfer from one company to another.
Unlimited teams
Create and manage multiple teams within your organization to help groups find and focus on relevant work.
Branching and merging
Work in a separate branch and merge changes to the main file when you are ready.
Custom workspaces
Organize users and content into multiple, focused workspaces that mirror how your organization is structured.
Prototyping
Interactive prototypes
Create prototypes with interactive overlays that simulate how a user may interact with your design
Video in prototypes
Add videos to Figma prototypes for richer, more realistic experiences
Choose videos from the Figma Community
Upload your own videos
Overlays
Easily prototype an interaction where an element appears above another
Transitions
Choose from a variety of transition animation options
Advanced animations
Use Smart Animate or create your own animations with springs, slides, dissolves, and more.
Responsive prototyping viewer
Experience your designs on any screen size with a prototype viewer that resizes responsively.
Set variable and variable mode
Create prototypes powered by variables and change variable modes dynamically
Conditional logic
Use if/else statements in prototyping interactions for more customized flows
Multiple actions
Define multiple actions in a prototyping interaction
Expressions
Use operators in your interactions to generate dynamic number or string values
Design systems
Variables
Define color, number, and more to unlock design theming and more dynamic prototyping
Components
Create a component out of any collection of objects or layers and use it as a reusable design.
Styles
Define color, text and any effects to be reused across objects
UI Kits
Get designs started quickly with pre-built UI kits available directly in Figma
Variable Modes
Switch between different variable values to unlock theming and more
4 modes
40 modes
Team libraries
Create design systems with shared assets for your team to use
Shared fonts
Access your organization’s shared fonts in Figma—instantly available to all Editors.
Organization-wide design systems
Manage and share design systems across multiple teams at your organization
In-app Library Analytics
Provides access to basic design systems metrics in app.
Library Analytics API, in beta
Provides access and ownership of your library data to track adoption, measure impact, and more. Now available in beta.
Default libraries by workspace
Enable libraries by default for all files in the workspace.
REST API for variables
Use the API to scale your design systems
Approved libraries
Designate admin-recommended libraries at the workspace or organization level
Dev Mode
Advanced inspection
Get measurements, specs, layouts, and production ready code—all in a single click.
Ready for dev
Mark and view designs as ready for development
Compare changes
Compare different versions of a frame to quickly see what’s changed
Annotations
Full design users can add measurements and annotations. Dev Mode users can view them.
Asset export
Easily export assets from design files
Advanced codegen
Customize code output with alternative dimension units and plugins
Dev resources
Add additional developer links to reference during implementation
VS Code extension
Run Dev Mode directly in VS Code
Plugins
Build and run plugins to customize Dev Mode workflows and codegen
View detached components
See information for components - even when detached in the file
Component playground
View and explore component properties in an interactive playground
Private plugins
Build your own private plugins for your organization to use in Dev Mode
Code Connect
Access component code in Dev Mode
Available for UI Kits
Handoff process management
Track and manage versioned updates to designs marked ready for dev
Syncing or automating workflows via REST API
Tap into our REST APIs to bring Figma into your external tools and products
Admin controls for inspect panel
Admins controls to set a default code language and automatically run plugins for your organization
Developer platform
REST APIs
Tap into our REST APIs to bring Figma into your external tools and products.
Third-party integrations
Figma integrates with tools like JIRA, Zeplin, Dropbox, so you can customize your workflow.
Live embeds
Embed live Figma designs and prototypes wherever you need them.
Webhooks
Use our webhooks to automate workflows between Figma and your external tools or products.
Private plugins and widgets
Build your own private plugins and widgets for your team or organization to use.
Admin & security
Password protection
Set a password on files and Open Sessions to share work publicly with more control.
Default roles
Choose the type of seat people should get when first joining your team to better manage costs.
Plugin and widget approval
Easily manage plugin and widget approval requests from your team–right within Figma.
Centralized administration
Bring multiple teams together under one central Figma account; manage users and billing in one place.
Domain capture
Option that allows you to automatically add anyone with a verified email address to your Figma account. Talk to sales to learn more.
Link access controls
Limit the ability to share files via a link outside your organization, ensuring no one can view files unless explicitly invited
Single sign-on (SSO)
Set up SAML single sign-on with your existing identity management system; enforce SSO for all team members and manage provisioning via SCIM
Activity logs
See a record of actions members have taken in Figma that helps admins keep their organization secure.
Workspace administration
Manage users and content for each workspace in your organization to scale administration and create a more tailored experience for users.
Guest access controls
Limit the ability for external collaborators to join your organization.
Default teams
Automatically add all new workspace members to specific teams to help them onboard and find relevant work.
Role assignment via SCIM
Automatically assign users a role in Figma using your identity management provider.
Password protection required
Require that users set a password on files shared outside the organization.
Team creation controls
Limit the ability to create teams to only admins or all members.
External content controls
Choose if members can access content from outside your organization.
Activity logs API
Track what's happening in Figma programmatically via the API and build custom apps.
Windows Installer
Deploy Figma safely across your company at scale and control software updates.
Idle session timeout
Customize an idle session timeout limit so Figma automatically logs out members from their session.
EU data hosting
Host key parts of Figma and FigJam files in the EU.
Expiring public links
Require that users set expiration on a file's public link
Plugin and widget analytics
View plugin and widget usage analytics to track adoption and more effectively manage apps.
Support
Figma Support Forum
Ask questions, share feedback, and connect with the Figma community.
Figma Help Center
Find answers to common questions quickly by browsing our collection of helpful articles and videos.
Onboarding planning and support
Work hand in hand with the Figma team to plan and execute a successful Figma rollout (discuss your eligibility with our Sales team).
Pricing FAQs
See more FAQs
Where can I see a breakdown of my full seats and associated costs?
What’s the difference between a full seat and an editor seat?
How does team-based pricing work?
How can I adjust who has admin privileges?
Can you send me an invoice?
What if more people are added to my team every month?
Who is responsible for team payments?
How do I cancel my paid plan?
Do you have a discount for schools or classrooms?
Do you have a discount for non-profits?
Do you charge sales tax or applicable consumption taxes?
Is Dev Mode a new product? Where can I find it?
How much does Dev Mode cost?
Do I need to purchase Dev Mode to inspect files?
How long will Figma Slides be in a free beta?
How much will Figma Slides cost when it is generally available?
Do I need to have a full Figma design seat to use Figma Slides?
Can I disable Figma Slides for my users?
See more FAQs
Trusted by teams at
