Skip to main content
Figma Design
Design and prototype in one place
Dev Mode
Translate designs into code
FigJam
Collaborate with a digital whiteboard
Figma Slides
Co-create presentations
Figma Draw
New
Illustrate with advanced vector tools
Figma Buzz
Beta
Produce on-brand assets at scale
Figma Sites
Beta
Publish fully responsive websites
Figma Make
New
Prompt to code anything you can imagine
AI
Explore all Figma AI features
MCP
Connect Figma to AI coding tools
Downloads
Get the desktop, mobile, and font installer apps
Release Notes
See the latest features and releases
Use cases
Design systems
Prototyping
UX design
Web design
Wireframing
Online whiteboard
Agile
Strategic planning
Brainstorming
Diagramming
Product development
Web development
Design handoff
See all solutions
Roles
Design
Engineering
Product managers
Organizations
Enterprise
Education
Government
Events
Learn best practices at virtual events
User groups
Join a local Friends of Figma group
Customer stories
Read about leading product teams
Figma Gallery
Explore Figma Make and Figma Sites projects made by our users
Shortcut: The Figma blog
Stories about how products take shape—and shape our world
Get started
Plugins
UI kits
Icons
Widgets
Templates
Tools
Partners
See all
Learn
Best practices
Reports & insights
Resource library
Demos
Webinars
Help center
Pick your plan, choose your seats
Seats give you access to Figma products: FigJam
Figma Slides
Dev Mode
Figma Design
Figma Draw
Figma Buzz
Figma Sites
Figma Make
Prices in USD
Plans
Starter
Free
Select plan
Why choose Starter?
Choose Starter if you:
Are working on personal projects
Need basic design, presentation, and brainstorming tools
Want to try Figma products
Key features:
Unlimited drafts
UI kits and templates
Basic design file inspection
Limited AI credits
Choose Starter if you:
Are working on personal projects
Need basic design, presentation, and brainstorming tools
Want to try Figma products
Key features:
Unlimited drafts
UI kits and templates
Basic design file inspection
Limited AI credits
Professional
Monthly Annual
Collab seat
$3 /mo
Dev seat
$12 /mo
Full seat
$16 /mo
Select plan
Why choose Professional?
Choose Professional if you:
Are a professional or part of a small team
Need unlimited files and projects for a single team
Want advanced prototyping tools and easier dev handoff
Key features:
Unlimited files and projects
Team-wide design libraries
Advanced Dev Mode inspection and MCP Server
3000 credits/mo for Full seat
Choose Professional if you:
Are a professional or part of a small team
Need unlimited files and projects for a single team
Want advanced prototyping tools and easier dev handoff
Key features:
Unlimited files and projects
Team-wide design libraries
Advanced Dev Mode inspection and MCP Server
3000 credits/mo for Full seat
Organization
Billed annually
Collab seat
$5 /mo
Dev seat
$25 /mo
Full seat
$55 /mo
Select plan
Contact sales
Why choose Organization?
Choose Organization if you:
Are a business that designs products across your organization
Need unlimited teams and basic security
Want to centralize assets, libraries, and workflows across departments
Key features:
Unlimited teams
Shared libraries and fonts
Centralized admin tools
3500 credits/mo for Full seat
Choose Organization if you:
Are a business that designs products across your organization
Need unlimited teams and basic security
Want to centralize assets, libraries, and workflows across departments
Key features:
Unlimited teams
Shared libraries and fonts
Centralized admin tools
3500 credits/mo for Full seat
Enterprise
Billed annually
Collab seat
$5 /mo
Dev seat
$35 /mo
Full seat
$90 /mo
Contact sales
Learn more
Why choose Enterprise?
Choose Enterprise if you:
Are a business designing for multiple products or brands
Need enterprise-level security
Want scalable design systems and simpler admin management
Key features:
Custom team workspaces
Design system theming and APIs
SCIM seat management
4250 credits/mo for Full seat
Choose Enterprise if you:
Are a business designing for multiple products or brands
Need enterprise-level security
Want scalable design systems and simpler admin management
Key features:
Custom team workspaces
Design system theming and APIs
SCIM seat management
4250 credits/mo for Full seat
Figma is free for students and educators
.
Free seats with view and comment access are available on all plans.
View all plan features
Not sure which seat is right for you? We’ve got you.
The Collab seat makes it easy to work together.
Brainstorm in FigJam
Present in Figma Slides
The Dev seat gives devs the details they need.
Brainstorm in FigJam
Present in Figma Slides
Build in Dev Mode
Promote in Figma Buzz
The Full seat connects your entire workflow.
Brainstorm in FigJam
Present in Figma Slides
Build in Dev Mode
Create in Figma Design
Illustrate in Figma Draw
Promote in Figma Buzz
Publish in Figma Sites
Explore in Figma Make
Compare all features
Seat
Full seat
Dev seat
Collab seat
All features Key features
Features Starter Pro Professional Org Organization Enterprise
Figma Design
Components
Create a reusable design component out of any collection of objects or layers.
Figma Editor
All the design features you’re familiar with—canvas, layers, grids, vectors, shapes, text, constraints, and more.
Auto layout
Create responsive designs with automatically adjusting frames.
Advanced drawing tools
Support for digital illustration with Smart Selection, Vector Networks, and Arc Tool.
Styles
Define color, text, and any effects to be reused across objects.
Interactive prototypes
Create prototypes with interactive overlays that simulate how a user may interact with your design.
Advanced animations
Use Smart Animate or create your own animations with springs, slides, dissolves, and more.
Transitions
Choose from a variety of transition animation options.
Overlays
Easily prototype an interaction where an element appears above another.
Video in prototypes
Add videos to Figma prototypes for richer, more realistic experiences.
Choose videos from the Figma Community
Upload your own videos
Responsive prototyping viewer
Experience your designs on any screen size with a prototype viewer that resizes responsively.
UI Kits
Get designs started quickly with pre-built UI kits available directly in Figma.
Inspect in design files
Easily view design specifications and CSS properties.
Community templates
Kickoff conversations with hundreds of pre-made templates.
Variables
Define color, number, and more to unlock design theming and more dynamic prototyping.
MCP support
Share Figma context with AI coding agents to generate code aligned with components and design system.
Variable modes
Easily apply and switch between multiple design themes.
10 modes
20 modes
Unlimited modes (via extended collections)
Annotations
Add annotations and measurements to designs.
Team libraries
Create design systems with shared assets for your team to use.
Multiple actions
Define multiple actions in a prototyping interaction.
Advanced prototyping
Create more realistic prototypes powered by variables.
Conditional logic
Use if/else statements in prototyping interactions for more customized flows.
Expressions
Use operators in your interactions to generate dynamic number or string values.
Prototype sharing permissions
Share prototypes with clients and stakeholders without sharing the underlying design file.
Design productivity tools (AI)
Rename layers, add interactions, and more with AI.
Shared fonts
Access your organization’s shared fonts in Figma—instantly available to all Editors.
Branching and merging
Work in a separate branch and merge changes to the main file when you are ready.
In-app Library Analytics
Analyze design systems adoption and efficiency with in-app metrics.
Default libraries by workspace
Enable libraries by default for all files in the workspace.
Approved libraries
Designate admin-recommended libraries at the workspace or organization level.
Organization-wide design systems
Manage and share design systems across multiple teams at your organization.
Multi-brand design systems
Scale design systems across multiple brands and products with extended collections.
Figma Draw
Draw tools
Design with expressive details by switching your file to Draw in the toolbar.
Enhanced vector editing
Work with precision with new tools like shape builder, multi-edit vector nodes, and lasso.
Custom brushes
Use a custom set of vector brushes, or create your own.
Visual effects
Bump up the detail with new effects and fill types like noise, texture, progressive blur, pattern fill, and more.
More stroke mechanics
Give strokes more personality with variable width and dynamic settings to alter their frequency and wiggle.
Text on a path
Bend and curve text along vector paths.
Transforms
Design complex shapes or simple patterns more efficiently.
Dev Mode
View annotations and measurements
Developers can retrieve variable, property, and measurement information for specific layers from the canvas.
Code Connect
Access component code in Dev Mode.
Available for UI kits
Advanced inspection
View and copy code properties, annotations, and measurements. Customize dimension units and more.
Improved handoff experience
Mark items ready for dev and view them in a consolidated feed or focus view. Add statuses and get notifications about design changes, completions, and more.
Ready for dev on canvas only
Compare changes
Compare different versions of a frame to quickly see what’s changed.
Component playground
View and explore component properties in an interactive playground.
Dev resources
Add developer links to reference during implementation.
Asset export
Easily export assets from design files.
Plugins
Use plugins to customize Dev Mode workflows, code gen, and mark/view designs as ready for dev
Community plugins only
VS Code extension
Run Dev Mode directly in VS Code.
MCP support
Share Design and Dev Mode context with AI coding agents to generate code aligned with components and design systems.
FigJam
Engagement features
Use stamps, stickers, and emotes to keep participants engaged.
Music player
Play music with built-in music tracks.
Timer
Set a shared timer in FigJam.
Tables
Create a table to visually organize text.
Code blocks
Bring code directly into your whiteboard with syntax and highlighting.
Diagramming tools
Map out systems and processes with shapes and connectors.
Summarize (AI)
Get clarity on the key takeaways and next steps by summarizing stickies.
Generate (AI)
Generate templates for weekly team syncs, brainstorms, and more
Sort (AI)
Quickly sort stickies into groupings.
Voting
Ask participants to vote on ideas.
Open sessions
Invite anyone to join your jam for 24 hours—no login needed. Unlimited sessions.
Advanced diagramming
Diagram with native shapes from GCP, AWS, Kubernetes, and more.
Custom color palettes
Make your brand colors the default for files.
Custom templates
Make your own templates and share them with your organization.
Advanced shapes
Add 1,500+ shapes icons from AWS, GCP, Azure, and more.
MCP support
Share Design and Dev Mode context with AI coding agents to generate code aligned with components and design systems.
Figma Slides
Add interactive prototypes
Add live Figma Design prototypes to slides.
Live interactions
Include live polls, alignment scales, and voting.
Transitions
Add transitions to individual slides or objects, or apply a single transition to your entire deck.
Offline presentations
Pre-load your deck to present slides offline.
Import/Export to Powerpoint
Import from or export to Powerpoint.
Adjust content tone (AI)
Adjust the tone of any text with AI to rephrase, condense, or expand content.
Draft presenter notes (AI)
Add presenter notes in a click with AI.
Slide outline from FigJam (AI)
Generate a slide deck outline from a FigJam board with AI.
Figma Design libraries
Add Figma Design libraries to access your team’s components, variables, and styles.
YouTube embeds
Embed YouTube videos.
Real-time presenter notes
Edit presenter notes in real-time when in presentation mode
Custom templates
Create custom templates and publish them to your team or organization.
5 templates
Unlimited
Figma Make
Prompt the model
Generate a functional prototype or web app via prompt
Attach designs
Attach existing Figma designs or components to your prompts
Add backend support
Connect to Supabase to add user authentication, store user data, connect private APIs, and more
Push to GitHub
Create a new GitHub repo and push updates directly from Make as you build
Publish
Publish your functional prototype or web app as a website with a dedicated URL
via Figma Community
Library styling context
Bring styling context from a Figma library into Make
MCP support
Share Make files and code with AI coding agents to ship prototypes into production.
Figma Buzz (Beta)
Templates from Figma
Use a template published by Figma to get started
Free-form editing and design elements
Unlock a template to edit assets freely and access more design inserts
Brand template publishing
Publish brand templates so your team can stay on brand
Focused editing
Lock elements of a template so only designated images and copy can be edited
Figma Sites (Beta)
Blocks and embeds
Drag-and-drop prebuilt web elements instead of starting from scratch
Breakpoints
Customize your design for different screen sizes
Interactions
Enhance your site by adding animations, transitions, and visual transformations
Code layers
Add custom interactivity to your site by writing code or using AI
CMS
Manage and update content in a dedicated UI within Figma Sites
Video
Add videos to your site for a more engaging experience
Password protection
Set a password to your site to share works publicly with more control
Publishing
Publish your site to the web, with options to personalize your subdomain or set up a custom domain
Platform
AI Credits
Figma AI uses a credit system that is shared across all Figma AI features and products.
Limited AI credits
3000 credits/mo (About 50–70 Make prompts based on current estimates)
3500 credits/mo (About 60–80 Make prompts based on current estimates)
4250 credits/mo (About 80–100 Make prompts based on current estimates)
Multiplayer
Figma enables multiple editors to jump into the same file, live edit, and work together.
Unlimited viewers
Invite as many people as you want to view, comment, inspect, or export from your Figma files—for free!
Comments
Add comments directly on a prototype or file.
Spotlight
Spotlight yourself so others can follow your progress through a presentation or find where you’re working on the deck in the editor.
Observation mode
Click on a specific user to see what they see on their screen—great for user testing and design critiques.
Shareable links
Send a link to a Figma file or prototype—and control who gets access to view or edit.
Exports
Export your file as PNG, JPG, PDF, or CSV (sticky notes only for CSV).
Unlimited file storage
Unlimited cloud storage; access files from anywhere.
File import
Get started faster with imports including.sketch and PNG or JPG files.
Cursor chat
Cursor chat gives you a quick way to share thoughts when jamming live.
Version history
Auto-save and create versions of your file every 30 minutes. You can name and link to versions at any time.
30 days
Private projects
Create invite-only spaces for your team to work privately.
Team and project transfer
Option to request a team or project transfer from one company to another.
Audio conversations
Use audio to talk with your collaborators directly in a Figma or FigJam file.
Image editing tools (AI)
Generate and edit images, boost resolution, and remove backgrounds with AI. Features vary by product.
Visual search (AI)
Find the components or assets that you're looking for with AI. Features vary by product.
Text tools (AI)
Replace content, adjust tone, and more with AI. Features vary by product.
Unlimited teams
Create and manage multiple teams within your organization to help groups find and focus on relevant work.
Custom workspaces
Organize users and content into multiple, focused workspaces that mirror how your organization is structured.
MCP server
Share Figma context with AI coding agents to generate code aligned with your components and design system.
6 calls/mo
Admin
Centralized administration
Bring multiple teams together under one central Figma account; manage users and billing in one place.
Centralized content management
All files, including user drafts, are owned by your organization and can be recovered when users are de-provisioned.
Workspace administration
Manage users and content for each workspace to scale administration and create a more tailored experience for users.
Team creation controls
Limit the ability to create teams to only admins or all members.
Default teams
Automatically add all new workspace members to specific teams to help them onboard and find relevant work.
Inspect panel administration
Control inspect panel settings and defaults for all your teams.
Extensibility
REST APIs
Tap into our REST APIs to bring Figma into your external tools and products.
Plugins and widgets
Use plugins and widgets built by the Figma community to improve your workflow.
Third-party integrations
Figma integrates with tools like JIRA, Zeplin, Dropbox, Slack, so you can customize your workflow.
Live embeds
Embed live Figma designs and prototypes wherever you need them.
Webhooks
Use our webhooks to automate workflows between Figma and your external tools or products.
Private plugins and widgets
Build your own private plugins and widgets for your team or organization to use.
Plugin management
Manage which plugins your organization has access to and install plugins on your users' behalf.
REST API with Dev Mode
Access dev resources, check on statuses, and integrate external tools via the REST API.
REST API for variables
Use the API to scale and automate your design systems.
Library Analytics API, in beta
Fetch your design systems data directly for more granular and custom analysis.
Activity logs API
Track what's happening in Figma programmatically via the API and build custom apps.
Plugin and widget analytics
View plugin and widget usage analytics to track adoption and more effectively manage apps.
Security
Password protection
Set a password on files and Open Sessions to share work publicly with more control.
Single sign-on (SSO)
Setup SAML single sign-on with your existing identity management system; enforce SSO for all team members and manage provisioning via SCIM.
Domain capture
Automatically add anyone with a verified email address to your Figma account.
Activity logs
See a record of actions members have taken in Figma.
Link access controls
Limit the ability to share files via a link outside your organization, ensuring no one can view files unless explicitly invited.
Plugin and widget management
Manage access to plugins and widgets for your organization and approval requests from your team.
Role assignment via SCIM
Automatically assign users a role in Figma using your identity management provider.
Guest access controls
Limit the ability for external collaborators to join your organization.
Password protection required
Require that users set a password on files shared outside the organization.
External content controls
Choose if members can access content from outside your organization.
Idle session timeout
Set a custom time limit to log users out of their session if they’ve been idle.
Expiring public links
Require that users set an expiration on file links shared outside the organization.
EU data hosting
Host key parts of Figma and FigJam files in the EU.
Pricing FAQs
See more FAQs
What is a seat?
Where can I see a breakdown of seats and associated costs?
Can I buy Figma Design on its own?
How does team-based pricing work?
How can I adjust who has admin privileges?
Can you send me an invoice?
What if more seats are added to my annual Professional plan?
What if more seats are added to my Organization plan?
How do I cancel my paid plan?
Do you have a discount for schools or classrooms?
Do you have a discount for non-profits?
Do you charge sales tax or applicable consumption taxes?
Where can I find Dev Mode?
Do I need to purchase Dev Mode to inspect files?
How do AI credits work?
Can I try Figma Sites if I’m on a Starter plan?
Who has access to Figma Buzz?
Do you offer Figma for government teams?
See more FAQs
Trusted by teams at
