Customer Data pricing
Unlock the potential of your engineering, marketing, and product teams with our customer data platform. Discover pricing options and learn more from Twilio Segment.
Which plan is right for you?
Connections
Customer Data Pipeline
Collect first-party data from every touchpoint and activate it across 750+ destinations, including Twilio SendGrid, Twilio Messaging, and data warehouses, for a unified customer view.
View pricing plans
What your teams can do:
Collect and unify real-time events with customer data in the warehouse
Send customer data to 700+ apps
Govern data for quality and compliance
Learn about Connections
Connections + Unify + Engage
Customer Data Platform
Create unified profiles, build advanced audiences, orchestrate personalized journeys in real-time, and enhance every experience with data from your warehouse.
Contact sales
What your teams can do:
Unify events and warehouse data into governed, identity‑resolved profiles
Build AI‑powered audiences from a complete customer view
Activate profiles across tools to power journeys and campaigns
Learn about the Customer Data Platform
Not seeing an option that matches your needs?
Our sales team is happy to chat with you to understand your use case and explore alternative options
Contact sales
Join the 25,000+ companies using the Twilio Segment platform
Complete CDP
Start anywhere and activate everywhere, including their data warehouse, to get the most out of their current tech stack.
Real-time behavioral events
Support real-time use cases by capturing events from native sources, build audiences, and orchestrate personalized journeys across 700+ apps.
Warehouse data
Leverage data already stored in the warehouse to enrich unified profiles, and build complex audiences to precisely target customers with personalized communications.
Artificial Intelligence
Twilio Segment makes it easier than ever to understand, predict, and generate 1:1 customer engagement in real time and at scale.
Contact sales
Learn more about CDP
CDP add-ons
Extend your CDP with modular add-ons that tighten data quality, enrich profiles from your warehouse, and power AI-driven recommendations and predictions—so teams can build smarter audiences and orchestrate more personalized journeys.
Add-on
Protocols
Take control of data quality with intuitive data cleaning features and real-time validation built for enterprise scale.
Learn more about Protocols
Add-on for Connections
AI recommendations
Build more targeted audiences based on AI-powered product recommendations and traits designed to drive conversions. Included in CDP plans.
Learn more about AI recommendations
Add-on for Connections
Audiences & profile enrichment
Enhance every customer experience with profile, audience, and event data from the warehouse. Included in CDP plans.
Learn more about Audiences
Add-on for Connections
AI predictions
Create more precise, predictive audiences out-of-the-box, trigger timely customer journeys, and personalize experiences. Included in CDP plans.
Learn more about AI predictions
Contact sales
Compare plans
Customer Data Pipeline (Business)
Connections
View pricing plans
Customer Data Platform
Connections, Unify, and Engage
Contact sales
Collect and send data anywhere
Sources
Collect the full customer view via one API and 450+ pre-built integrations across your apps, sales, support, payment & messaging experiences.
Destinations
Send your first-party data to 750+ tools including data warehouse, product analytics, advertising, email, and more.
Functions
Create custom sources and destinations with just 10 lines of JavaScript, to solve for unique use cases.
Reverse ETL
Activate data from the warehouse into 750+ tools for product analytics, advertising, email, and more.
Developer Tools
Set up, test, and swap new tools with a common UI and data observability.
Public API
Programmatically manage Segment workspaces, sources, destinations, and more via API.
Protocols
Automatically enforce data quality at scale.
Add-on
Complete view of your customer
Identity Resolution
Unify user history across web, mobile, server, data warehouse, and third-party touchpoints into one comprehensive profile.
—
Profile API
Query unified profiles to empower internal teams with customer data, and build real time in-app recommendations & personalized campaigns.
—
Profiles Sync
Access real-time profile data in your warehouse to build data and ML models to lower acquisition costs, increase lifetime value, and more.
—
Profile Explorer UI
Enable any technical or business team within your organization to explore unified profiles in one place.
—
Traits
Created more personalized customer experiences by appending calculated and queried customer data to unified profiles.
—
Predictive traits
Predict customer behavior using a no-code builder to power more timely, targeted, and precise personalized experiences on every channel.
—
Recommendation Traits
Use AI to automatically determine and enrich customer profiles with the top products, brands, or product categories an individual is most likely to purchase.
—
Build personalized experiences with Twilio Engage
Audiences
Equip technical and business users to group unified profiles with an easy-to-use UI based on customer traits or interactions.
—
Generative Audiences
Create and launch complex audiences in minutes with a simple text prompt using generative AI.
—
Recommendation Audiences
Build AI audiences of people most likely to purchase a specific product, brand, or product category for better targeting and personalization.
—
Predictive Audiences
Pre-built, suggested audiences to inspire new campaign ideas and help you quickly create predictive AI audiences in just a few clicks.
—
Journeys
Orchestrate and optimize personalized journeys to automate messaging across multiple channels based on real-time customer behavior.
—
Usage and billing
Monthly tracked users
The number of anonymous and logged-in visitors that you track with Segment.
Custom volume
Throughput Limit
Your customer data comes in the form of API Calls and Objects. CDP plans are eligible for custom limits.
Custom
Seats
The number of teammates that can access your Segment workspace.
Unlimited
Payment method
Invoice
Contract length
Unlimited
Support
Email/Web support
On-demand videos and documentation
Get up-and-running quickly with developer documentation and on-demand training.
Dedicated Support
Available
Customer Success Manager
Customer Success Manager may be included based on your annual agreement. Please ask your Account Executive for details.
Available
Advisory Services or Professional Services
Custom advisory services and professional services packages available. Please ask your Account Executive for details.
Add-on
Uptime SLA
Guaranteed API uptime.
Security
Account Security
Protect your workspace with personalized security settings.
Multi-factor authentication
Provide an additional layer of security beyond your username and password by requiring secondary authentication.
Single Sign-on
Centrally manage your policies for access with Single Sign-On (SSO).
Granular roles and user permissions
Control access to your sources and workspaces with fine-grained permissions to manage how your teammates interact with your data.
Certifications
To learn more about Segment's security and privacy program, and certifications and attestations.
HIPAA-eligibility
Store and manage PHI within your workspace.
Available
Regional Segment (EU or US)
Segment offers regional infrastructure in both Europe and the United States.
Get a custom price quote
Customer Data Platform plans are designed to help your business achieve its customer activation use cases. Contact us for plan and add-on pricing.
Contact sales
Start with Connections for free
Frequently asked questions
Is there a free trial of the paid plans?
Yes! There is a 14-day free trial for Connections. Learn more here
For CDP plans, please contact us
.
Do I need to purchase a Connections and a CDP plan?
No! Connections capabilities are included in all Customer Data Platform (CDP) plans. For teams only focused on collecting and sending customer data to downstream destinations, Connections plans
are a great place to start and can be upgraded to a CDP plan when your team is ready.
Are the artificial intelligence capabilities included in plans?
Predictive and Generative AI capabilities are available in Customer Data Platform (CDP) plans. Recommended Audiences and Recommendation Traits are included in Customer Data Platform (CDP) plans.
How can I buy Protocols, Unify or Twilio Engage?
Protocols is an optional add-on for Connections Business plans and Customer Data Platform (CDP) plans. Unify and Twilio Engage are available CDP plans. Contact us
to determine which plan is best for you.
How can I estimate my MTUs?
To get an idea of your MTU count, add your monthly active users to the number of anonymous visitors you get per month. Some tools also call this metric "Monthly Unique Visitors."
Can I connect sources for real-time events and reverse ETL from my warehouse?
Yes! Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform (CDP) enables your team to start anywhere and activate everywhere, including your data warehouse and 450+ sources. If you are interested in a reverse ETL only plan, contact us
.
Does Twilio Segment handle billing for my Sources or Destinations services?
No, you’re responsible for accounts that you register with Sources, Integrations, and Warehouse providers, whether they are paid or free.
Do I need to have a data warehouse to use Warehouses?
Twilio Segment connects to your existing data warehouse and pipes in data collected from your Sources. You don't have to worry about the ETL or maintaining the data pipeline.
