Pricing
Start for free. Upgrade as you go.
Monthly
Yearly
Save up to 28% with yearly billing
Free $0
Get started
You get:
Public and private projects
300K tokens daily limit
1M tokens per month
Bolt branding on websites
10MB file upload limit
Website hosting
Up to 333k web requests
Unlimited databases
Pro $25 per month billed monthly
You get:
Public and private projects
No daily token limit
Start at 10M tokens per month
No Bolt branding on websites
Share sites privately
100MB file upload limit
Website hosting
Up to 1M web requests
Unused tokens roll over to next month
Custom domain support
SEO boosting
Unlimited databases
Expanded database capacity
Choice of database provider
Image editing with AI
Teams Popular
$30 per month and member billed monthly
You get everything in Pro, plus:
Centralized billing
Team-level access management
Granular admin controls & user provisioning
Share with your organization
Private NPM registries support
Design System knowledge with per-package prompts
Enterprise Custom
Get advanced security, compliance, and 24/7 support. Customized to your team's exact needs. Ask for a quote
You get everything in Pro, plus:
Advanced security (SSO, audit logs, compliance support)
Granular admin controls & user provisioning
Dedicated account manager & 24/7 priority support
Custom workflows, integrations & SLAs
Scalable for large teams and high-volume usage
Flexible billing & procurement options
Data governance & retention policies
Hands-on onboarding & enterprise training
Frequently asked questions
Everything you need to know about the product and billing.
What are tokens?
AI tokens are a complex topic related to all AI apps, not just Bolt. You can learn more about tokens here
For Bolt specifically it is important to know that most token usage is related to syncing your project’s file system to the AI: the larger the project, the more tokens used per message. Our top priority is to increase the efficiency of token usage in Bolt. We continue to make improvements so that Bolt uses fewer tokens.
How do Teams plans work?
Teams provide a shared workspace for users to collaborate on Bolt projects. The subscription cost for Teams is per team member. Each paid team member receives a monthly token allotment based on the subscription tier. Tokens are not shared among team members. You can read more about Teams plans here
.
Do tokens rollover from month to month?
Starting July 1, 2025, tokens from a paid subscription will roll over for one additional month, making them valid for up to two months in total. Please note that an active paid subscription is required to access any rolled over tokens. For more details, please refer to this article
.
Can I change my plan later?
Yes, you can change your plan by clicking Manage current plan. This will take you to our Stripe billing portal where you can select Update subscription to change your plan type.
Can I cancel my subscription?
Yes, you can cancel at any time. Click Manage current plan to be taken into the cancellation process.
What are the token limits associated with a free plan?
Free plans have a 300,000 token daily limit and 1 million token monthly limit.
For additional information, please visit our Help Center.
