Why DatoCMS
Happy team
For developers
For digital marketers
For content creators
Ready integrations with
Next
Gatsby
Nuxt
React
Vue
Hugo
Jekyll
Remix
Netlify
Vercel
Features
Worldwide CDN
Performant, secure, and close to every customer
GraphQL Content API
Develop faster with powerful developer tools
Images API
Endless transformations at your disposal
Video API
Produce videos and serve them fast to any device
Multi-language
Reach global audience with localized content
Dynamic layouts
Easily build dynamic layouts for landing pages
Content integrity
Validations, sandbox environments and roles
Workflows New
Supercharge your content approval process
Real-time updates New
Live changes to content on production website
Structured text New
Freedom for editors, control for developers
Customers
Quotes
Read our Testimonials
Enterprise
DatoCMS for Enterprise
Success stories
Polestar New
Localise everything to build a global carmaker website
Shopify Orberlo
Painless switch to static from Wordpress
Hashicorp
How HashiCorp delivers a reliable editorial workflow
Chilly's Bottles
How Rotate built a 2M users a month e-commerce
Matter Supply
How to deliver an Emmy award-campaign in 4 weeks
Dovetail
Why DatoCMS is their headless CMS of choice
Browse all the case studies »
Learn
Documentation
Guides, tutorials and API reference
Blog
Culture, learnings, and announcements
Product updates
Changelog for new features and improvements
Community forum
Ask questions and discuss with your peers
Slack channel
Chat live with other devs in our Slack channel
Support
Got questions? Get in touch with our team
Marketplace
Starter projects
Start with a fully configured DatoCMS project
Plugins
Easily expand the capabilities of DatoCMS
Hosting & Builds
No matter the stack you're using, we've got you covered
Enterprise apps
Keep your company data secure
Partners
Pricing
Contact sales
Log in
Try for free!
Future-proof your digital experiences
Flexible pricing,
ready to scale
Zero maintenance, zero operations: save tens of thousands of dollars annually by using DatoCMS headless technology and content infrastructure
Building lots of sites? Discover our Agency Partner Program »
Developer
To test the platform in detail, and for developers working on hobby sites
Free forever No credit card required
Try for free
Up to 3 projects with generous quota, but hard limits on resources (file storage, traffic, API calls)
Two users per project (one admin + one editor)
Community-based support
Read all the details »
Professional
Everything you need — and more – to build professional digital projects
Start at € 149 /month if paying annually, or € 199 /month
Try for free
Extremely generous quota, with soft limits you can exceed and pay-as-you-go
10 collaborators included on each project (you can purchase more if needed)
Additional projects can be added for as low as €29/month
Expanded authoring roles to support most publishing workflows
Technical support via email (Mon/Fri, response in 24h)
Read all the details »
Enterprise
Premium features, high-touch support and advanced compliance
Custom payable by credit card or wire transfer
Contact us
Guaranteed support and uptime SLAs
SSO, Audit logs and Static webhook IPs for enhanced security
Fully customizable roles and tasks for granular workflows, tailored to your specific needs
100% White-label platform
Support via shared Slack channel, editorial onboarding, plus access to our solution architects
Use your your own AWS/GCP bucket and custom domain for assets
Options for single-tenant to support your most critical business needs
Read all the details »
Compare limits and features in detail
And included in every plan...
GraphQL API
An understandable description of your API, the power to ask exactly the data you need and powerful developer tools
Worldwide CDN
Delight your customers with lightning fast responses thanks to our CDN: performant, secure, and close to every customer
Granular roles and permissions
Assign the appropriate roles and permissions to your members, precisely determining what actions they can perform
Plugins
Easily expand the capabilities of DatoCMS with plugins to handle custom editing needs and 3rd-party integrations
Unlimited image transformations
Optimize, resize, crop, rotate and watermark images on-the-fly simply adding custom parameters to the URL of your images
AI-based smart image tagging
Locate media files quickly using AI-powered tagging and advanced search capabilities, saved filters and asset folders
Enterprises
Get dedicated onboarding service, premium technical support, private cloud and custom SLAs to gain the assurance your enterprise needs. Grows with your needs, from one team or business unit to your whole organization.
Learn more
Contact sales
Services
Guaranteed support SLAs
High priority support
Shared Slack channel
Customer success
Onboarding services
Solution Architects
Governance
Single Sign-On
SCIM v2 user provisioning
Security reporting
Platform white-labelling
User Management API
Static webhook IPs
Infrastructure
Guaranteed uptime SLAs
Single-tenant infrastructure
Multi-region infrastructure
Audit logs API
Daily backups
24/7 monitoring
We are so happy with DatoCMS. I'm representing Signifly - an agency currently running 20 projects, and will increase with +10 projects per year.
Tore Heimann
Technical Lead at Signifly
Frequently asked questions
How do I pay?
We accept all major credit cards, including VISA, MasterCard, AMEX, Discover and more. We offer other custom billing solutions on Enterprise plans.
How do I purchase more bandwidth/API calls?
In case you are on a paid plan and reach one of its limits, additional usage will be charged automatically. You can monitor your usage statistics on your dashboard.
What happens if I exceed my current plan limits?
Every project starts with the free plan. If you exceed any of your current plan limits (for example, file storage), you will see a warning in the application with information on which threshold you surpassed. Nothing will happen to your site, but you won't be able to upload new files.
Can we run as many projects as we like?
The free plan can hold a maximum of 3 projects, the Professional plan has a maximum of 10 projects, while the Scale plan supports up to 20 projects. These are all soft limits, so if you need more projects, just contact us via our Support
page.
Is there a minimum contract length?
Nope! When you enroll in a monthly or annual plan, you pay up-front to access DatoCMS for the next month or year, respectively. However, you may cancel at any time during your billing cycle for free, and you'll retain full access to that plan until the end of the billing cycle.
Can I upgrade my plan mid-cycle?
Sure. The charge will be pro-rated, so you are only billed for the cost of the new plan less the remaining unused amount from your current one.
How do I cancel my paying subscription?
You can either delete the project you're paying for, or reduce your site's usage below the free Developer plan limits and then switch back to the free plan.
How do monthly and annual pricing differ?
When you enrol for a monthly plan, you are billed for the first month up-front and then again on the same date each month moving forward until you cancel. When you enrol for a yearly plan, you are billed for the first year up-front and then again on the same date each year moving forward until you cancel.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer 50% off on DatoCMS accounts for teachers, students, and non-profits. Contact us to get the discounted plan.
We also offer credits for getting help with translations. Have a look on our translations page
for more details.
Is there a free trial?
The free plan has every functionality enabled, just with lower limits on resources, so it should be enough to evaluate the product in most of the situations. If for any reason you still need to try the full Professional plan, feel free to contact us at support@datocms.com
We'll activate a free trial for two weeks.
We power experiences for over half a billion users
Start using DatoCMS today
According to Gartner 89% of companies plan to compete primarily on the basis of customer experience this year. Don't get caught unprepared.
Try it for free!
No credit card
Easy setup
Status
All systems normal
Team
For developers
For digital marketers
For content creators
Pricing
DatoCMS for Enterprise
Features
Worldwide CDN
GraphQL Content API
Images API
Video API
Multi-language
Dynamic layouts
Content integrity
Workflows New
Real-time updates New
Structured text New
Resources
Product updates
Documentation
Solution partners
Support
Contact sales
Social
Blog
Community forum
Slack channel
Twitter
Technologies
Next.js
Gatsby
Nuxt.js
Hugo
Jekyll
React
Vue.js
Middleman
Company
About
Brand assets
Security
Sitemaps
Main pages
Blog
Documentation
Marketplace
Product updates
Subscribe to our newsletter! 📥
One update per month. All the latest news and sneak peeks directly in your inbox.
Subscribe!
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
GDPR Compliance
Terms of Service
support@datocms.com
© 2023 Dato srl, all rights reserved P.IVA 06969620480
