Easy to use and privacy-friendly
Google Analytics alternative
Plausible is intuitive, lightweight and open source web analytics. No cookies and fully compliant with GDPR, CCPA and PECR. Made and hosted in the EU, powered by European-owned cloud infrastructure 🇪🇺
Get started
Live demo
It's time to ditch Google Analytics
Google Analytics is frustrating to use, difficult to understand, slow to load and privacy-invasive. That's why we built Plausible Analytics, a simple but powerful, lightweight (< 1 KB), open source and privacy-friendly alternative.
Here's what makes Plausible a great Google Analytics alternative
and why over 12,000 paying subscribers trust us with their website and business insights:
Simple analytics at a glance
Plausible is simple analytics
It is easy to understand and it cuts through the noise. Check your site traffic and get all the essential insights on one page in one minute. There are no layers of menus, there is no need for you to build custom reports, custom dashboards or PowerPoint documents. You can even import your Google Analytics stats
.
Lightweight script that keeps your site speed fast
Plausible is lightweight analytics
Our script is 45 times smaller than Google Analytics. Your page weight will be cut down, your site will load faster and you'll reduce your carbon footprint for a greener and more sustainable web. A site with 10,000 monthly visitors can save 4.5 kg of CO2 emissions per year by switching.
No need for cookie banners or GDPR consent
Plausible is privacy-friendly analytics
All the site measurement is carried out absolutely anonymously. Cookies are not used and no personal data is collected. There are no persistent identifiers. No cross-site or cross-device tracking either. Your site data is not used for any other purposes. All visitor data is exclusively processed with servers owned and operated by European companies and it never leaves the EU.
Track goal conversions, revenue and campaigns
Plausible is useful. Segment your audience by any metric you click on. Answer the important questions about your visitors, content and referral sources. Analyze paid campaigns using UTM parameters. Track ecommerce revenue, outbound link clicks, file downloads and 404 error pages. Create custom events with custom dimensions to track conversions and attribution. Increase conversions using funnel analysis.
Invite team members and share your dashboard
Plausible is shareable. Your stats are private by default but you can choose to be transparent and make them public so anyone with your custom link can view them. You can embed the dashboard into your website too. Stats can also be shared privately by generating a secure link. You can invite team members and assign user roles too.
Transparent and open source software
Plausible is open source analytics
Our source code is available and accessible on GitHub so anyone can read it, inspect it and review it to verify that our actions match with our words. We welcome feedback and have a public roadmap. If you're happy to manage your own infrastructure, you can self-host Plausible
too.
Smooth transition from Google Analytics
There's a realtime dashboard, entry pages report and integration with Search Console. You can track your paid campaigns and conversions. You can invite team members. You can even import your historical UA stats. Learn how to get the most out of your Plausible experience
and join thousands who have already migrated from Google Analytics.
We hope you enjoy Plausible!
Regards,
Uku and Marko
P.S. We're completely independent, self-funded, bootstrapped and debt-free. We're not interested in raising funds or taking investment. We choose the subscription business model rather than surveillance capitalism. We're operating a sustainable project funded solely by the fees that our subscribers pay us. Read more about us
.
People ❤️ Plausible
Plausible is built for scale and can serve sites with hundreds of millions of monthly visitors. Thousands of sites, startups and some of the world's leading brands have already made the switch from Google Analytics and other services.
Paying subscribers
12k
Active websites
229k
Tracked pageviews
73B
Cyrus Shepard
@cyrusshepard
Using GA4 + simultaneously testing several "simpler" alternatives. 100% favorite so far is Plausible.
Not free/not a ton of bells and whistles, but SOOOO easy to use (for clients too) and the data is near real-time. Good solution for ~70% of websites that have trouble with GA4.
elementary
@elementary
We've completely left Google Analytics behind in favor of Plausible. Google's incentive is to collect as much information as possible from people visiting as many sites as possible—and using Google Analytics directly helps them do that. blog.elementary.io/leaving-google…
Rob Hope
@robhope
Just replaced my full network's Google Analytics with Plausible - I can't remember when last I was this impressed by a SaaS UX + design 💯
Became a paying customer within 1hr of the 30-day trial.
DHH
@dhh
Been a very happy customer of Plausible at Basecamp. Wonderful to see domains like web stats that were once a wasteland due to monopoly weight spring new, better options ❤️
Prezly
@Prezly
We are super excited to announce that Prezly now has analytics! Thanks to Plausible, our users can access simple, privacy-minded, and lightweight data right from the dashboard. prezly.com/help/analytics-dashboard
John O'Nolan
@JohnONolan
Check out Plausible if you haven't yet — fantastic product, $190/mo for 5M views, or less when paid annually. We switched over everything from GA.
Traffic based plans that match your growth
Sign up for 30-day free trial. No credit card required.
2 months free Monthly
Yearly
Up to monthly pageviews
10k
10M+
Growth
Up to 3 team members
Up to 10 sites
3 years of data retention
Intuitive, fast and privacy-friendly dashboard
Email/Slack reports
Google Analytics import
Goals and custom events
Business
Everything in Growth
Up to 10 team members
Up to 50 sites
5 years of data retention
Stats API (600 requests per hour)
Custom Properties
Funnels
Ecommerce revenue attribution
Priority support
Enterprise
Custom
Contact us
Everything in Business
10+ team members
50+ sites
600+ Stats API requests per hour
Sites API access for reselling
5+ years of data retention
Technical onboarding
Why use Plausible Analytics?
Google Analytics is overkill for most site owners. Plausible is easy to use and understand with no training or prior experience. You can import your historical GA stats too.
Quick and easy to integrate
Simple to set up and integrate with popular tools such as WordPress, Ghost, Squarespace, Wix and Weebly. Supports single-page applications and hash-based routing.
A powerful and flexible API
Our API offers a way to retrieve your stats programmatically, send your metrics wherever you want and present them in whatever shape you want.
Email and Slack reports
Keep an eye on your traffic with weekly and/or monthly reports. Get traffic spike notifications so you don't miss being on the Hacker News. Reports can be sent to multiple recipients.
Serve the script as a first-party connection
You can set up a proxy to serve our script from your domain name as a first-party connection and get more accurate stats. There's the events API for server side tracking too.
Own and control your data
Your site data will never be shared with or sold to any third-parties. It will never be monetized, mined and harvested for personal and behavioral trends.
Filter the dashboard by anything you click on
Dig more in-depth and get further insights by segmenting your audience. Click on any metric to filter your dashboard by it. Mix and match filters too.
Integrate with Search Console
Integrate with Google Search Console to see search queries people use to find your site in Google's search results directly in your Plausible dashboard.
Analyze marketing campaigns
Tag your paid ads, emails and social media posts with UTM tags and analyze your ecommerce and marketing campaigns from click to conversion using funnels.
Ready to ditch Google Analytics?
Start your free trial today.
Get started
Live demo
Made and hosted in the EU 🇪🇺
Solely funded by our subscribers.
Why Plausible?
Simple metrics
Lightweight script
Privacy focused
Open source
For creators
For agencies
For ecommerce
White label
Comparisons
vs Google Analytics
vs Matomo
vs Cloudflare
Community
Blog
Status
Documentation
GitHub
Twitter
Mastodon
LinkedIn
Company
About
Contact
Privacy
Data policy
Terms
DPA
Security
Imprint
