Easy to use and privacy-friendly
Google Analytics alternative
Plausible is intuitive, lightweight and open source web analytics. No cookies and fully compliant with GDPR, CCPA and PECR. Made and hosted in the EU, powered by European-owned cloud infrastructure. 🇪🇺
Get started
Live demo
It's time to ditch Google Analytics
Google Analytics is frustrating to use, difficult to understand, slow to load and privacy-invasive. That's why we built Plausible Analytics, a simple but powerful, lightweight, open source and privacy-friendly alternative.
Here's what makes Plausible a great Google Analytics alternative
and why over 15,000 paying subscribers trust us with their website and business insights:
Simple analytics at a glance
Plausible is simple analytics
It is easy to understand and it cuts through the noise. Check your site traffic and get all the essential insights on one page in one minute. There are no layers of menus, there is no need for you to build custom reports, custom dashboards or PowerPoint documents. You can even import your Google Analytics stats
.
Lightweight script that keeps your site speed fast
Plausible is lightweight analytics
Our script is 75 times smaller than Google Analytics. Your page weight will be cut down, your site will load faster and you'll reduce your carbon footprint for a greener and more sustainable web. A site with 100,000 monthly visitors can save 8.2 kg of CO2 emissions per year by switching.
No need for cookie banners or GDPR consent
Plausible is privacy-friendly analytics
All the site measurement is carried out absolutely anonymously. Cookies are not used and no personal data is collected. There are no persistent identifiers. No cross-site or cross-device tracking either. Your site data is not used for any other purposes. All visitor data is exclusively processed with servers owned and operated by European companies and it never leaves the EU.
Track goal conversions, revenue and campaigns
Plausible is useful. Segment your audience by any metric you click on. Answer the important questions about your visitors, content and referral sources. Analyze paid campaigns using UTM parameters. Track ecommerce revenue, outbound link clicks, file downloads and 404 error pages. Track engagement metrics like scroll depth, bounce rate, and time spent on page. Create custom events with custom dimensions to track conversions and attribution. Increase conversions using funnel analysis.
Invite team members and share your dashboard
Plausible is shareable. Your stats are private by default but you can choose to be transparent and make them public so anyone with your custom link can view them. You can embed the dashboard into your website too. Stats can also be shared privately by generating a secure link. You can invite team members and assign user roles too.
Transparent and open source software
Plausible is open source analytics
Our source code is available and accessible on GitHub so anyone can read it, inspect it and review it to verify that our actions match with our words. We welcome feedback and have a public roadmap
If you're happy to manage your own infrastructure, you can self-host Plausible
too.
Smooth transition from Google Analytics
There's a realtime dashboard, an entry pages report and integration with Search Console. You can track your paid campaign conversions, invite team members and count visitors who ignore the consent banner. We exclude data center bot traffic by default. You can even import your historical stats. Learn how to get the most out of your Plausible experience
and join thousands who have already migrated from Google Analytics.
We hope you enjoy Plausible!
Regards,
Uku and Marko
P.S. We're a completely independent, self-funded, bootstrapped and debt-free team of 10. We're not interested in raising funds or taking investment. We choose the subscription business model rather than surveillance capitalism. We're operating a sustainable project funded solely by the fees that our subscribers pay us. Read more about us
.
What can you do with Plausible Analytics?
Our features are built based on years of user feedback, making sure you work with exactly what you need. Each one is designed with simplicity in mind, so you finally don’t need any training to use analytics.
Automatic scroll depth tracking
Plausible automatically tracks scroll depth (1-100%) for all pages—no complex setup or tag managers needed like with Google Analytics and other tools. You can set up scroll depth goals (codeless) too.
Track AI traffic accurately
Track which AI tools, like ChatGPT, Perplexity, DeepSeek, etc., send you traffic. See which pages are driving AI traffic, which conversions are being met, and more.
Track SEO performance
Connect Google Search Console to see search terms driving Google traffic within your Plausible dashboard. Analyze SEO content performance and track organic conversions—all in one place.
Track ad performance, and any other campaigns
Track your UTM tags, along with an automatic breakdown of channels like Affiliates, Display, Email, Paid Search, Paid Social, Referral, etc. Analyze landing pages, conversions, locations, etc.
Real Time dashboard
Monitor live site activity. The real-time view matches the default dashboard with the same reports and metrics. Updates every 30 seconds—no refresh needed. Simpler than GA4’s Real Time overview.
Codeless goals and revenue tracking
Mark any pageviews as goals—no coding needed. Monitor 404 pages, outbound clicks, etc., with a ready-made code snippet. Or use custom code for advanced tracking, while tracking revenue.
Track user journeys with Funnels
Analyze user flow across pages, domains, subdomains, including custom events. See the percentage of visitors who complete conversions, where drop-offs occur, and segment users based on behavior.
Works with whatever you work with
Use our WordPress plugin for easy setup, track WooCommerce funnels in one click, or build custom Looker Studio dashboards—Explore our various integrations and setup guides for easy setup.
People ❤️ Plausible
Plausible is built for scale and can serve sites with hundreds of millions of monthly visitors. Thousands of sites, startups and some of the world's leading brands have already made the switch from Google Analytics and other services.
Paying subscribers
15k
Tracked pageviews
136B
Uptime (Last 90 days)
99.99%
Cyrus Shepard
@cyrusshepard
Using GA4 + simultaneously testing several "simpler" alternatives. 100% favorite so far is Plausible.
Not free/not a ton of bells and whistles, but SOOOO easy to use (for clients too) and the data is near real-time. Good solution for ~70% of websites that have trouble with GA4.
Prezly
@Prezly
We are super excited to announce that Prezly now has analytics! Thanks to Plausible, our users can access simple, privacy-minded, and lightweight data right from the dashboard. prezly.com/help/analytics-dashboard
Rob Hope
@robhope
Just replaced my full network's Google Analytics with Plausible - I can't remember when last I was this impressed by a SaaS UX + design 💯
Became a paying customer within 1hr of the 30-day trial.
DHH
@dhh
Been a very happy customer of Plausible at Basecamp. Wonderful to see domains like web stats that were once a wasteland due to monopoly weight spring new, better options ❤️
Laura Roeder
@lkr
I've been super happy with Plausible. All the conversion tracking we need, it has every report we use.
John O'Nolan
@JohnONolan
Check out Plausible if you haven't yet — fantastic product, $190/mo for 5M views, or less when paid annually. We switched over everything from GA.
Traffic based plans that match your growth
Sign up for 30-day free trial. No credit card required.
2 months free Monthly
Yearly
Up to monthly pageviews
10k
10M+
Growth
Up to 3 team members
Up to 10 sites
3 years of data retention
Intuitive, fast and privacy-friendly dashboard
Email/Slack reports
Google Analytics import
Goals and custom events
Saved Segments
Business
Everything in Growth
Up to 10 team members
Up to 50 sites
5 years of data retention
Stats API (600 requests per hour)
Looker Studio Connector
Custom Properties
Funnels
Ecommerce revenue attribution
Shared Segments
Priority support
Enterprise
Custom
Contact us
Everything in Business
10+ team members
50+ sites
600+ Stats API requests per hour
Sites API access for reselling
5+ years of data retention
Technical onboarding
Ready to ditch Google Analytics?
Start your free trial today.
Get started
Live demo
Made and hosted in the EU 🇪🇺
Solely funded by our subscribers.
Why Plausible?
Simple metrics
Lightweight script
Privacy focused
Open source
GA4 Accuracy comparison
Visitor segmentation
Ecommerce tracking
White label
Comparisons
vs Google Analytics
vs Matomo
vs Cloudflare
Community
What's new
Status
Blog
Documentation
GitHub
Twitter
Mastodon
LinkedIn
Company
About
Contact
Privacy
Data policy
Terms
DPA
Security
Imprint
