Flexible pricing for developers ＆ companies
Start building for free
Talk to our Sales team
Add authentication to your application today
What is your use case?
Use case
B2C
B2B
Billing
Monthly
Yearly
How many monthly active users?
500
1,000
2,500
5,000
7,500
10,000
20,000
30,000+
Free
No credit card needed to sign up.
Start building for free
Up to 25,000 monthly active users will have:
Any type of application
Use your own Custom Domain
Secure your Agentic AI workflows
Passwordless with SMS, e-mail, Passkey, and OTP
Unlimited Social Connections
5 Organizations (How we model your customers)
SSO for all your customers using Okta
Branded forms and custom logic during login, signup, etc. (Actions)
Basic Attack Protection
Community Support
*credit card verification required for custom domains
Essentials
$ 35 / month
For projects with higher production demands.
Sign up
Up to 500 monthly active users will have:
Everything in Free, plus...
Higher Auth, API limits, and Feature limits
Multi-Factor Authentication (With OTP, Duo)
Role-based Access Control Per Organization
10 Organizations (How we model your customers)
Stream Auth0 Audit Logs to Datadog, Splunk, AWS, Azure, etc.
Separate Production & Development Environments
Standard Support
Professional
$ 240 / month
Best for teams and projects that need added security.
Sign up
Up to 500 monthly active users will have:
Everything in Essentials, plus...
Use your existing User Database for Logins
Multi-Factor Authentication (With Phone, Email, WebAuthn, Push via Guardian app)
10 Organizations (How we model your customers)
Enhanced Attack Protection
M2M Tokens
Add-on
Enterprise
For enterprises that need to scale. Top-tier SLAs, advanced security, white-glove support and more.
Contact us
Enterprise users will have:
Everything in Professional plus...
Custom User & SSO Tiers
99.99% SLA
Enterprise Rate Limits
Enterprise Administration & Support
Advanced Security Features
Add-on
Private Deployment
Add-on
Explore special pricing for startups
and nonprofits
Read Customer Stories
Enterprise add-ons to fit your needs
Auth0 for AI Agents
Securely connect your AI agents to external tools and services like Google, Slack, or GitHub. Token Vault manages the access token lifecycle so agents never need to handle credentials. Includes CIBA (Client Initiated Backchannel Authentication) to enable agent or app initiated user authentication via out-of-band notification channels including Guardian mobile push notification and Email.
Read the docs
Fine-Grained Authorization
A highly scalable authorization service for developers that helps them implement authorization for any kind of application, and enable user collaboration and granular access control using easy-to-use APIs. Available in Public Cloud and Private Cloud AWS.
Read the docs
Attack Protection
Keep your users and services safe from password leaks, intruders, and scripted attacks from bots. Protect and notify your users when credentials are leaked or during an attempted account takeover. Tenant Access Control list feature allows creation and management of rules that control access to your app. When a request matches a rule, it can allow, block, or redirect the request.
Read the docs
Private Cloud
A low-friction, dedicated Auth0 deployment model for enhanced performance, security, and compliance over our standard public cloud offering.
Read the docs
Adaptive MFA
Protect against malicious attacks with minimal impact to your users. Adaptive MFA is designed to only be triggered when a login is suspected to be risky via different risk profiles.
Read the docs
Machine to Machine Tokens
Easily facilitate secure communication between your API and both non interactive external clients as well as internal APIs with the flip of a switch and standard based protocols. M2M add-ons are also available on Professional self-service plans.
Read the docs
Highly Regulated Identity
Secure sensitive customer operations beyond login with Financial Grade IdentityTM controls (Strong Customer Authentication, FAPI protocols) and Customer Managed Keys.
Read the docs
Advanced Extensibility
Unlock deep customization to meet your unique needs for Customer Identity. With Actions, Forms, and Auth0 Marketplace, leverage the maximum number of Actions and Forms (within platform performance limits) to customize and extend Identity with both pro- and no-code solutions.
Read the docs
HIPAA BAA & PCI
Auth0 can provide compliance for several standards including HIPAA via a Business Associate Agreement and PCI compliant environments.
Read the docs
Auth0 for AI Agents
Connect your AI agents to apps and data more securely, give users control over the actions AI agents can perform and the data they can access, and enable human confirmation for critical agent actions.
Sign up
Special plans for special organizations
Startups
Congrats on building something extraordinary. Let us make your customer login experience awesome so you can focus on everything else. Did we mention our startup program is free for a year?
Auth0 for Startups
Non-Profits
Our mission is to support your mission. Reduce security and compliance risks, improve your donor and volunteer experience, and enhance your technology investments - all with a simple login box.
Auth0 for Nonprofits
Compare plans
What is your use case?
Use case
B2C
B2B
Free
Start building →
Essentials
Sign up
Professional
Sign up
Enterprise
Contact us →
Authentication
External Active Users
Up to 25,000
Custom Tiers Available
Machine to Machine Authentication
1,000
5,000
M2M Add-on
No
Yes
Passwordless
Social Connections
Unlimited**
Custom Social Connections
Passkeys
Auth0 Database Connection
Custom Database Connections
Cross APP SSO
Enterprise Connections
Custom Tiers Available
Inbound SCIM
Okta Connections
Unlimited**
Express Configuration
Organizations
5
10
Custom Tiers Available
Self-Service SSO
Select Enterprise Plans
Machine-to-Machine Access for Organizations
Select Enterprise Plans
Home Realm Discovery
Long Lived Sessions
AI
CIBA
Add-on
+ Add-on
Token Vault
2
3 + Add-on
4 + Add-on
Branding
Configurable Login Experience
Accessibility
Custom Domains*
1
Email Workflow
Customize Signup & Login
Extensibility
Actions + Forms
5
10
15
30 + Add-on
The Actions Library
Marketplace
Pro Forms
Security & Compliance
Brute Force Protection
Suspicious IP Throttling
Enhanced Password Protection
Basic Breached Password Detection
Credential Guard
Add-on
Bot Detection
Add-on
Tenant Access Control List (ACL)
1 + Add-on
Integration with Okta Universal Logout
Number of MFA Factors Enrolled
0
1
2+
Pro MFA Factors
Enterprise MFA Factors
Adaptive MFA
Add-on
Security Center
Continuous Session Protection
FAPI certified Security Profile
Add-on
Compliance Certifications
HIPAA/BAA
Add-on
Prioritized Security Log Streams
Private Key JWT
OIDC Back-Channel Logout
User Management
User Import
Custom Attributes
Role Management
Account Linking
Platform
Number of Tenants Included
1
3
6
Unlimited**
Number of Admin/Contributors
3
Unlimited**
Admin Access Controls
Admin
Admin and Viewer
Admin, Viewer and Editor
Auth0 Dashboard SSO
Log Retention
1 Day
5 Days
10 Days
30 Days
Log Streaming
1 Log Stream
2 Log Streams
Private Deployment
Add-on
SLA
99.99%
Community Support
Standard Support
Premier Support
Premier Success Options
*credit card verification required for custom domains
**subject to system limitations
Frequently asked questions
Can't find the question you’re looking for? Post on our community forum
to receive help from our developer support team and the community.
For enterprise question, you can contact an expert
.
Why should I trust Auth0 with my users?
Security is our utmost priority. For starters, we follow security best practices for storing user credentials: they are never stored in plain text, and all passwords are hashed and salted using the bcrypt
algorithm, a state-of-the-art algorithm designed to prevent brute-force attacks even in case of a breach. Furthermore, our implementation of TLS has received an “A+” score in Qualsys’ SSL Labs SSL Server test
We also implement proactive security measures for your projects such as password breach detection, using a huge database of leaked passwords, and brute-force attack detection. Automated rate-limiting checks and denial of service mitigation procedures are also in place. You can learn more about security at Auth0 at our security page
.
What happens if I stop using Auth0? How do I know my user's data is safe?
Your data is safe as long as it’s stored in our servers. If you choose to stop using Auth0, exporting your data is a simple matter. Head over to the Auth0 Dashboard and go to the extensions page. Select “User Import/Export” and proceed to enable the extension. If you need help using the extension, check our docs
If you feel the export extension does not fill your needs, the Auth0 management API
lets you fully inspect all the data from your account. With it, you can export all data to any format.
If I surpass the 25,000 users Free Plan do I need to select a Paid Plan with a higher MAU Quota?
Yes, if you pass the 25,000 users mark, you need to select an applicable paid Plan and select the right amount of users for your use case. Paid plans let you pick a custom number of users, from 1,000 up to 100,000 or more. Several plans are available to best suit the needs of different use cases in addition to providing access to a greater amount of features that increases what you can do with Auth0.
What are the different deployment models?
Auth0 can run as a third-party service on the Auth0 public cloud or in an isolated private deployment. In particular, Auth0 supports four different types of deployments
:
Public Cloud: multi-tenant (shared-instance)
Private Cloud Basic: Dedicated option that builds on Public Cloud performance and management that addresses specific data residency needs
Private Cloud Performance: Includes all Private Cloud Basic capabilities and increases requests per second (RPS) to 500, and includes options for upgrade control, load testing, and a GEO-HA add-on.
Private Cloud Performance Plus: Includes all Private Cloud Performance capabilities and increases RPS to 1,500
What's Auth0's uptime and status?
Auth0 systems have over 99.99% monthly uptime figures for most regions. You can check the current and past status and uptime figures at the status
and uptime
pages.
How long does my trial last?
The trial period lasts 22 days. After that, the Free Plan gets activated automatically. If you wish to continue using some of the features from our paid plans, please choose one from above.
Do you have any special offer for Startups?
Yes, Auth0 and our network of partners want to see you succeed! We provide a special plan for Startups that includes 100K monthly external active users, Enterprise Identity Providers, Pro MFA & Password Protection and SSO for Auth0 Dashboard free for a whole year. You can also apply for $5,000 in AWS credits. Check the requirements and apply here
!
How do I get Special Pricing and Services for Nonprofits and Charitable Organizations?
We are committed to Secure Access For Everyone and making the world a SAFEr place. With our Social Impact Program
we want to make sure your technology is running alongside your ambitions from day one. All paid plans are eligible for a Social Impact discount. Request the Nonprofit and Social Good Benefits and Pricing Sheet here
which includes the Criteria and Validation Steps.
Not sure which plan is right for you?
Talk to an expert
