Democratize the Vector Database
Elite Performance for Every Developer
Read About Our New Release
Zilliz Cloud Pricing
Scalable pricing designed for every team to fit any budget. Estimate Cost
Subscribe on AWS Marketplace
SERVERLESS CLUSTER
Starter
From $0/month
Try Free
The simplest way to experience a fully-managed vector database.
Hardware
No CU options
Shared environment
Up to 2 free collections
Features
No credit card required to start
Available on GCP
Single availability zone
Single project
Support
Community support
DEDICATED CLUSTER
Standard
From $65/month
Try Free
View Pricing
For teams with less than 5 engineers and complex workloads.
Hardware
Cost-optimized CU, Capacity-optimized CU, and Performance-optimized CU options. See comparison
Features
No credit card required to start
Available on AWS and GCP
Persistent data storage, configurable snapshots, and flexible retention policies ($0.025/GB/month)
Single availability zone
Multiple projects
RBAC and organization management
Multiple payment options
Prometheus metrics
Security and Compliance
Enterprise-grade encryption in transit and at rest
SOC 2 Type 2 compliant
Support
Email support during business hours with response time SLAs
(Urgent: 4 hours; High: 1 business day; Normal: 2 business days)
Up to 2 technical contacts
DEDICATED CLUSTER
Enterprise
From $99/month
Get Started
View Pricing
For at-scale organizations with advanced security and support needs.
Hardware
Cost-optimized CU, Capacity-optimized CU, and Performance-optimized CU options. See comparison
Features
Everything in Standard plus
Multiple availability zones
Private link
99.9% monthly uptime availability
Data backups every 24 hours, retained for 7 days
Security and Compliance
Resource monitors and alert notifications
Enterprise-grade encryption in transit and at rest
SOC 2 Type 2 compliant
Support
24/7/365 Email and Slack support with response time SLAs
(Urgent: 1 hour; High: 4 hours; Normal: 1 business day)
Up to 4 technical contacts
Self-Hosted
Perfect for businesses prioritizing privacy and regulatory adherence.
Contact Sales
This plan includes all the features in the Enterprise Plan, providing self-managed vector database services deployed within your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
Deploy on your infrastructure of choice, across multiple cloud platforms
Highly compatible with Kubernetes
Enterprise security features
On-demand training
Estimate Your Cost
Use this calculator to understand how Zilliz Cloud charges.
CU Type Performance-optimized
Pricing Plan Standard
What is CU type?
Performance-optimized CU suits low latency or high throughput similarity searches. This option works best for high-search performance scenarios.
Capacity-optimized CU suits data volumes that are 5 times larger than the performance-optimized CU but at the cost of higher search latency. This option works best for increased storage capacity scenarios.
Cost-optimized CU provides the same large capacity as the Capacity-optimized option, but at a lower cost with reduced search performance. This option is ideal for budget-conscious projects that need ample storage without high-performance demands.
Cloud Provider
Amazon Web Services
Google Cloud Platform
Number of Entities
Vector Dimension
CU Size 0 CU
Storage Size 0.000 GB
CU Cost $0.00/mo.
Storage Cost $0.00/mo.
Total Cost $0.00 /mo.
Frequently asked questions
What is a Compute Unit (CU)?
A CU is a group of hardware resources for serving your indexes and search requests. You can simply consider a CU as a fully-managed physical node for deploying search service.
What's the difference between Performance-optimized CU, Capacity-optimized CU, and Cost-optimized CU?
The "Performance-optimized CU" suits low latency or high throughput similarity searches. This option works best for high-search performance scenarios.
The "Capacity-optimized CU" suits data volumes that are five times larger than the performance-optimized CU option but at the cost of higher search latency. This option works best for increased storage capacity scenarios.
The "Cost-optimized CU" provides the same large capacity as the "Capacity-optimized" option, but at a lower cost with reduced search performance. This option is ideal for budget-conscious projects that need ample storage without high-performance demands.
How many CUs do I need for a given collection?
A Performance-optimized CU can serve 5 million 128-dimensional vectors or 1 million 768-dimensional vectors.
A Capacity-optimized CU can serve 25 million 128-dimensional vectors or 5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
A Cost-optimized CU can serve 25 million 128-dimensional vectors or 5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
Can I deploy a serverless cluster on AWS?
No. Currently, Zilliz Cloud only supports deploying a serverless cluster on GCP. If you need to deploy a cluster on AWS, choose the Standard or Enterprise plan to deploy a dedicated cluster on AWS.
How can I get further technical support?
Please send your issues to us via support@zilliz.com
.
Is the pricing the same in every region?
In short, cloud service prices often vary between providers and regions. Several factors contribute to these differences, such as the costs of the underlying physical resources that cloud database services rely on.
What is the pricing of Zilliz Cloud on AWS marketplace?
Learn more about pricing on AWS marketplace.
