Zilliz Cloud Pricing
Scalable pricing designed for every team to fit any budget.
Sign up now
Or subscribe on AWS marketplace
Free trial
For feature experience and proofs of concept
30-days free trial with $400 worth of credits
No credit card required
Try Free
Hardware
Performance-optimized CU and Capacity-optimized CU options
Up to 4 CUs per database
Up to 100 GB storage
Features
Available on AWS US East, AWS US West, and GCP
Multiple projects
Enterprise grade encryption in transit and at rest
Support
Slack
E-mail support during business hours
Response time within 1 business day
Security and Compliance
Full data encryption in transit
Enterprise
Compute Unit (CU)
Storage
$0.259 / hour
$0.025 / GB per month
$0.215 / hour
$0.02 / GB per month
Get Started
Hardware
Performance-optimized CU and Capacity-optimized CU options
Up to 256 CUs per database
Unlimited storage
Features
Available on AWS US East, AWS US West, and GCP
Multiple projects
Enterprise grade encryption in transit and at rest
99.9% monthly uptime availability
Configurable snapshot and retention policies ($0.025/GB)
Backups every 24h, retained for 7 days
Support
Slack
Premier support 24 x 365
1 hour response time for urgent issues
Security and Compliance
Full data encryption in transit
SOC 2 Type 2 compliant
Frequently asked questions
What is a Compute Unit (CU)?
A CU is a group of hardware resources for serving your indexes and search requests. You can simply consider a CU as a fully-managed physical node for deploying search service.
What's the difference between performance-optimized CU and capacity-optimized CU?
The "performance-optimized Compute Unit" option suits low latency or high throughput similarity searches. This option works best for high-search performance scenarios.
The "capacity-optimized Compute Unit" option suits data volumes that are five times larger than the performance-optimized CU option but at the cost of higher search latency. This option works best for increased storage capacity scenarios.
How many CUs do I need for a given collection?
A performance-optimized CU can serve 5 million 128-dimensional vectors. A capacity-optimized CU can fit 25 million 128-dimensional vectors.
Since your collection's schema may differ from the ones in the simple guide above, we highly recommend you test the actual requirements against different CU types.
Can I apply for more than 4 CUs for PoC in my free trial?
Yes. By default, the upper limit of resource usage in the free trial is 4 CUs per database. However, If you need to test a large dataset that requires more resources, please contact us at support@zilliz.com
We will try to help you complete your Proof of Concept (POC).
How can I get further technical support?
Please send your issues to us via support@zilliz.com
We will reply you within 24 hours.
What happened after the trial?
After the free trial, your data will be automatically backed up and moved to the Recycle Bin, and the instance will be deleted. Data in the Recycle Bin will be retained for 30 days. You can upgrade to enterprise users by binding a credit card or your AWS Marketplace account. Within these 30 days, you can safely recover your data and rebuild your services. If you have not completed the PoC during the trial period, you can also contact us to extend the trial period.
Is the pricing the same in every region?
After the free trial, your data will be automatically backed up and moved to the Recycle Bin, and the instance will be deleted. Data in the Recycle Bin will be retained for 30 days. You can upgrade to enterprise users by binding a credit card or your AWS Marketplace account. Within these 30 days, you can safely recover your data and rebuild your services. If you have not completed the PoC during the trial period, you can also contact us to extend the trial.
Get started with Zilliz Cloud
Start Free Trial
