Zilliz Cloud Pricing
Scalable pricing designed for every team to fit any budget. Estimate Cost
Subscribe on Marketplace.
Amazon Web Services
Google Cloud Platform
Microsoft Azure
Free
A starting point for learning, experimenting, and prototyping, with easy migration to paid plans.
Quick Start
5 GB storage
Enough for 1M 768 dim vectors.
2.5M vCUs
A virtual compute unit (vCU) is used to measure the resources consumed by read operations (such as search and query) and write operations (such as insert, upsert, and delete). The read and write costs vary for different vCU usage.
per month included
Up to 5 collections
Serverless
For applications with variable or infrequent traffic. Minimal configuration required.
$4 / Million vCUs
A virtual compute unit (vCU) is used to measure the resources consumed by read operations (such as search and query) and write operations (such as insert, upsert, and delete). The read and write costs vary for different vCU usage.
Try Free
Pay only for what you use
Auto-scaling
Up to 100 collections
View Pricing
Dedicated
Offers high control and consistent performance, cost-efficient for development and testing environments.
From
$65 /mo. (Up to 30-day free trial)
Try Free
Multiple cloud providers and regions
Use case-optimized CU types
Basic metrics and monitors
View Pricing
BYOC
Designed for organizations prioritizing custom infrastructure, enhanced data protection, and compliance.
Deploy on your infra of choice
Enhanced data control and security
Flexibility and scalability on demand
Contact Us
View Plan Feature Details
Free
Quick Start
Serverless
Try Free
Dedicated ( Standard)
Try Free
Dedicated ( Enterprise)
Try Free
Deployment
Environment
Shared
Dedicated
CU options
Performance-optimized CU For scenarios requiring low latency and high throughput. Each CU can handle about 1.5 million 768-dim vectors.
Capacity-optimized CU For scenarios requiring enhanced storage capabilities. Each CU can handle about 5 million 768-dim vectors.
Public cloud provider
Google Cloud
AWS, Google Cloud, Azure
Scale
Scale up and down with zero downtime.
Auto-scale
Easy scale to
32 CUs
Easy scale to
256 CUs or more
Uptime SLA
Guaranteed uptime for production workloads.
99.95%
Support
Community support
Email support
Response time SLAs
Urgent
4 hours
1 hour
High
1 business day
4 hours
Normal
2 business days
1 business day
Technical contacts
Up to 1
Up to 4
High Availability
Availability zone
Single
Multiple
Multi-cloud, multi-region disaster recovery
Zilliz Cloud automatically distributes data across multiple cloud service providers and regions, using distributed technology to ensure consistency among all replica data. In the event of a failure, it quickly switches to other replicas.
Coming Soon
Data Security & Compliance
OAuth 2.0
SSO
Streamlined user authentication.
Public Preview
MFA
Auditing
API key management
Data encryption in transit and at rest
Backup and restore
IP address access control
Private networking
Private connection between your VPC and Zilliz Cloud VPC.
SOC 2 Type II and ISO/ICE 27001 compliant, GDPR and HIPPA ready
Monitoring & Operations
Basic metrics with monitoring dashboards
Metrics to monitor performance, storage, usage, data statistics, etc.
Monitor integration and APIs
Monitoring API for custom integrations (Prometheus, Datadog).
Coming Soon
Alerts
Threshold-based alerts covering resource utilization, performance, failures, billings, etc.
Organization & Member Management
Organization management
Organization settings and user management.
Project management
Multi-projects and collaborator management.
Single project with basic collaborator management
Multi-projects and collaborator management.
Organization and project RBAC
Role-based access control at both organization and project levels.
Data plane RBAC
Data layer RBAC enables precise permission control over collections, partitions, and operations, enhancing security and operational alignment.
Data Management
Cross-tier data migration
Easy migration from Free tier, Serverless, and Standard.
From Free tier
From Free tier and Serverless
From Free tier, Serverless & Standard
Migration from external sources
Easy migration from Milvus, Elastic Search, MongoDB, Redis, Weaviate, Qdrant, Chroma, etc.
High speed data import
High speed data import from object storage like S3.
Recycle bin
Dropped collections will be retained for 30 days to facilitate easy recovery.
Pipelines
Data source connectors
Both batch and streaming data source are supported.
Ingestion pipelines
Ingestion pipelines transform your unstructured data to a searchable vector collection, streamlining doc parsing, chunking, embedding, vector indexing processes.
Search pipelines
Search on text and image and supports advanced retrieval strategies such as dense and sparse embedding, multi-stage retrieval and reranking.
Show More
Pipelines
Streamline embedding, vector ingestion, search and reranking in one API service. Pipelines support data types including file, text and image, with open-source and 3rd party models. Skip the hassle of DevOps while enjoying the pay-as-you-go pricing.
View Pricing
Estimate Your Cost
Use this calculator to understand how Zilliz Cloud charges.
Dedicated
Serverless
Cloud Provider
Amazon Web Services
Cloud Region
us-east-1
Pricing Plan
Standard Suitable for applications in POC or dev with customizable workload management. Advanced configuration options.
CU Type
Performance-optimized For scenarios requiring low latency and high throughput. Each CU can handle about 1.5 million 768-dim vectors.
Number of Entities
Entities are data records sharing the same set of fields. An entity contains vector fields and scalar fields.
Million
Vector Dimensions
Scalar Field
Our pricing calculator is built around vectors. If your dataset contains non-vector fields (such as int, string, json, etc.), you can click " + Scalar Field " and provide the information to get a more precise cost estimation.
For more information about CU sizes, see docs
.
CU Cost ( CU)
CU Usage 0 CU
Unit Price $0/CU
$/mo.
Storage Cost ( GB)
Storage Usage 0 GB
Unit Price $0/GB
$/mo.
Total Cost (Excl. Tax)
$ /mo.
Try Free
Contact us
Acknowledgement: Prices are estimates only and are not intended as actual price quotes. Actual pricing may vary depending on a variety of factors, including your actual usage of services.
Frequently Asked Questions
What is a Compute Unit (CU)?
A compute unit (CU) is a group of hardware resources for serving your indexes and search requests. You can simply consider a CU as a fully-managed physical node for deploying search service.
What is a vCU?
A virtual compute unit (vCU) is used to measure the resources consumed by read operations (such as search and query) and write operations (such as insert, upsert, and delete). The read and write costs vary for different vCU usage. The read and write costs
vary for different vCU usage
Which type of CU should I pick?
Select the Performance-optimized CU if you require high throughput and low latency for demanding use cases. Alternatively, choose the Capacity-optimized CU if your priority is to host large volumes of data with less concern for throughput and latency, as it offers a better balance of performance and cost.
How many CUs do I need for a given collection?
Performance-optimized CU: Supports up to 1.5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
Capacity-optimized CU: Supports up to 5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
These estimates are based on vectors with primary keys only. Additional scalar fields like IDs or labels may reduce capacity. We recommend conducting your own tests for accurate assessment.
How can I get Zilliz Cloud discounts?
When you commit to an annual plan, you can get additional credits based on your usage.
How can I request a new cloud region?
To request a new cloud service provider region for Zilliz Cloud, please fill out the form
.
