Zilliz Cloud Pricing
Scalable pricing designed for every team to fit any budget. Estimate Cost
.
Subscribe on AWS
GCP
or Azure
Marketplace.
SERVERLESS
Starter
From $0/month
Try Free
The simplest way to experience a fully-managed vector database.
Hardware
No CU options
Shared environment
Up to 2 free collections
Features
No credit card required to start
Available on GCP
Single availability zone
Single project
Support
Community support
DEDICATED CLUSTER
Standard
From $99/month
Try Free
View Pricing
For teams with less than 5 engineers and complex workloads.
Hardware
Capacity-optimized CU and Performance-optimized CU options. See comparison
Features
No credit card required to start
Available on AWS, GCP and Azure
Persistent data storage, configurable snapshots, and flexible retention policies ($0.025/GB)
Single availability zone
Multiple projects
RBAC and organization management
Multiple payment options
Prometheus metrics
Security and Compliance
Enterprise-grade encryption in transit and at rest
SOC 2 Type 2 compliant
Support
Email support during business hours with response time SLAs
(Urgent: 4 hours; High: 1 business day; Normal: 2 business days)
Up to 2 technical contacts
DEDICATED CLUSTER
Enterprise
From $155/month
Get Started
View Pricing
For at-scale organizations with advanced security and support needs.
Hardware
Capacity-optimized CU and Performance-optimized CU options. See comparison
Features
Everything in Standard plus
Multiple availability zones
Private link
99.9% monthly uptime availability
Data backups every 24 hours, retained for 7 days
Security and Compliance
Resource monitors and alert notifications
Enterprise-grade encryption in transit and at rest
SOC 2 Type 2 compliant
Support
24/7/365 Email and Discord support with response time SLAs
(Urgent: 1 hour; High: 4 hours; Normal: 1 business day)
Up to 4 technical contacts
Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC)
Perfect for businesses prioritizing privacy and regulatory adherence.
Contact Sales
Learn more
This plan includes all the features in the Enterprise Plan, providing self-managed vector database services deployed within your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
Deploy on your infrastructure of choice, across multiple cloud platforms
Highly compatible with Kubernetes
Enterprise security features
On-demand training
Estimate Your Cost
Use this calculator to understand how Zilliz Cloud charges.
CU Type Performance-optimized CU Low latency and high throughput
Pricing Plan Standard
Cloud Provider
Amazon Web Services
Google Cloud Platform
Microsoft Azure
Cloud Region us-east-1 (Virginia)
Number of Entities
Entities are data records sharing the same set of fields. An entity contains a vector field and one or more scalar fields.
Million
Vector Dimension
Add Scalar Field
For more information about CU sizes, see docs
.
CU Size 0 CU
Storage Size 0 GB
CU Cost $0.00/mo.
Storage Cost $0.00/mo.
Total Cost ( Excl. Tax) $0.00 /mo.
Our pricing calculator is built around vectors. The calculation result may differ if your dataset includes non-vector fields (such as int, string, json, etc.). If your application is capacity-sensitive, we suggest you conduct a proof of concept (PoC) test during the free trial period.
Still have questions about Zilliz Cloud pricing? Contact sales directly for more information and discounts.
Contact Sales
Frequently asked questions
What is a Compute Unit (CU)?
A CU is a group of hardware resources for serving your indexes and search requests. You can simply consider a CU as a fully-managed physical node for deploying search service.
What's the difference between Performance-optimized CU and Capacity-optimized CU
The "Performance-optimized Compute Unit" suits low latency or high throughput similarity searches. This option works best for high-search performance scenarios.
The "Capacity-optimized Compute Unit" serves data volumes that are five times larger than the performance-optimized CU option. This option works best for increased storage capacity scenarios.
How many CUs do I need for a given collection?
A Performance-optimized CU can serve 1.5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
A Capacity-optimized CU can serve 5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
Can I deploy a serverless cluster on AWS?
No. Currently, Zilliz Cloud only supports deploying a serverless cluster on GCP. If you need to deploy a cluster on AWS, choose the Standard or Enterprise plan to deploy a dedicated cluster on AWS.
How can I get further technical support?
Please submit a request at https://support.zilliz.com/hc/en-us
.
Is the pricing the same in every region?
In short, cloud service prices often vary between providers and regions. Several factors contribute to these differences, such as the costs of the underlying physical resources that cloud database services rely on.
What is the pricing of Zilliz Cloud on Marketplaces?
Please refer to Marketplace Pricing Terms
.
How can I request a new cloud region?
To request a new cloud service provider region for Zilliz Cloud, please submit a Cloud Region Request.
