Zilliz Cloud Pricing
Scalable pricing designed for every team to fit any budget. Estimate Cost
Subscribe on Marketplace.
Amazon Web Services
Google Cloud Platform
Microsoft Azure
Free
A starting point for learning, experimenting, and prototyping, with easy migration to paid plans.
$0 /mo.
Quick Start
5 GB storage
Enough for 1M 768 dim vectors.
2.5M vCUs
A virtual compute unit (vCU) is used to measure the resources consumed by read operations (such as search and query) and write operations (such as insert, upsert, and delete). The read and write costs vary for different vCU usage.
per month included
Up to 5 collections
Serverless
For applications with variable or infrequent traffic. Minimal configuration required.
From
$0.3 /GB per month
Try Free
Pay only for what you use
Auto-scaling
Up to 100 collections
View Pricing
Dedicated
Dedicated clusters offer use case optimized CUs
to achieve high control, consistent performance, and cost-effectiveness. Suitable for development and testing.
From
$99 /mo. (Up to 30-day free trial)
Try Free
Multiple cloud providers and regions
Use case optimized CU types
Basic metrics and monitors
View Pricing
BYOC
Designed for organizations prioritizing custom infrastructure, enhanced data protection, and compliance.
Deploy on your infra of choice
Enhanced data control and security
Flexibility and scalability on demand
Contact Us
Dedicated clusters offer diverse CUs tailored to fit your use cases
A CU (compute unit) is a measure of computational resources for data processing. Each CU type offers different combination of CPU, memory, and storage.
CU Type
Search QPS
Search Latency
Per CU Capacity
Cost per Million Vectors
Best Suited for
Performance-optimized
500~1500
sub-10 ms
1.5 million vectors
from $65/mo.
Ideal for real-time applications requiring instant search results and high concurrent traffic.
Capacity-optimized
100~300
tens-ms
5 million vectors
from $20/mo.
Perfect for applications handling large vector datasets while maintaining reliable search speeds.
Extended-capacity New!
Contact Sales
5~20
hundreds-ms
20 million vectors
from $10/mo.
Designed for massive-scale datasets where optimizing total cost is prioritized over latency.
*This table is based on evaluations of 768-dimensional vectors.
View Plan Feature Details
Free
Quick Start
Serverless
Try Free
Dedicated ( Standard)
Try Free
Dedicated ( Enterprise)
Try Free
Deployment
Environment
Shared
Dedicated
CU type
Performance-optimized
Ideal for applications requiring low latency and high throughput. Each CU can handle about 1.5 million 768-dim vectors.
Capacity-optimized
Suited for managing large datasets with moderate search performance requirements. Each CU can handle about 5 million 768-dim vectors.
Extended-capacity New!
Best for scenarios with extensive datasets where cost-efficiency is prioritized over latency. Each CU can handle about 20 million 768-dim vectors. Contact Sales
Public cloud provider
Google Cloud
AWS, Google Cloud, Azure
Scale
Scale up and down with zero downtime.
Auto-scaling
Manual scaling to
32 CUs
Auto-scaling
Manual scaling to
256 CUs or more
Uptime SLA
Guaranteed uptime for production workloads.
99.95%
High Availability
Availability zone
Single
Multiple
Replica
Zilliz Cloud supports cluster-level replication, delivering a QPS that scales proportionally with the number of replicas. This replication feature automatically distributes replicas across different availability zones (AZs), enhancing both throughput and high availability.
Data Management
Cross-tier data migration
Easy migration from Free tier, Serverless, and Standard.
From Free tier
From Free tier and Serverless
From Free tier, Serverless & Dedicated(Standard)
Migration from external sources
Easy migration from Milvus, Pinecone, Qdrant, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Tencent Cloud VectorDB, etc.
High speed data import
High speed data import from object storage like S3.
Recycle bin
Dropped collections will be retained for 30 days to facilitate easy recovery.
Data Security & Compliance
OAuth 2.0
OAuth 2.0 for authorizing account access without sharing or storing user login credentials.
Enterprise SSO
Streamlined user authentication which supports both Okta and SAML 2.0 protocol.
Public Preview
MFA
Auditing
Comprehensive auditing logs that capture all UI and RESTful API operations on the control plane, as well as all SDK and RESTful API operations on the data plane.
API key management
Data encryption in transit and at rest
Backup and restore
Supports backup at both the cluster and collection levels, with options for manual and automatic backups.
IP address access control
Private networking
Private connection between your VPC and Zilliz Cloud VPC.
SOC 2 Type II and ISO/ICE 27001 compliant, GDPR and HIPPA ready
Observability
Fine-grained metrics with real-time monitoring dashboards
Metrics to monitor performance, storage, usage, data statistics, etc.
Alerts
Seamless integration with various alerting channels including emails, PagerDuty, Slack, Opsgenie, Lark, Webhook, etc.
Alerting and monitoring integrations
Monitoring API and integrations with Prometheus and Datadog.
Job Center
A centralized job center page to track the progress of tasks including migration, data import, backup and restore, clone collection, and create sample collection, etc.
Role-based Access Control
Organization and project management
1 organization
1 project
1 organization
Up to 10 projects
1 organization
Up to 10 projects
1 organization
Up to 10 projects
Organization and project RBAC
Role-based access control at both organization and project levels.
Data plane RBAC
Data layer RBAC enables precise permission control over collections, partitions, and operations, enhancing security and operational alignment.
Integrations and Tools
Intuitive RESTful APIs for control and data plane operations
User-friendly SDKs in multiple programming languages
Python, Java, Go, and Node.js SDKs
VectorDBBench
An open-source benchmarking tool for mainstream vector databases. It is also a tool for ultimate performance and cost-effectiveness comparison.
Support
Community support
Email support
Response time SLAs
Urgent
4 hours
1 hour
High
1 business day
4 hours
Normal
2 business days
1 business day
Technical contacts
Up to 1
Up to 4
Show More
Estimate Your Cost
Use this calculator to understand how Zilliz Cloud charges.
Dedicated
Serverless
Cloud Provider
Amazon Web Services
Cloud Region
us-east-1
Pricing Plan
Standard Offers high control and consistent performance, cost-efficient for development and testing environments.
CU Type
Capacity-optimized Suited for managing large datasets with moderate search performance requirements. Each CU can handle about 5 million 768-dim vectors.
Number of Entities
An entity is a row of data. For example, an entity can represent an image or a doc chunk.
1
Million
Vector Dimensions
Vector dimension refers to the length of the vector and can vary depending on the embedding model you use.
768
Field
Estimated total cost per month
Total Cost (excl. tax) = CU Cost × Replica Count + Storage Cost
The price estimate is monthly, but the actual cost is billed hourly. You can suspend clusters anytime to save costs.
$
CU Cost
CU
CU Usage
CU
Unit Price
$0/CU
A CU
is the basic unit of compute resources used for parallel processing of data.
$
Storage Cost
GB
Storage Usage
GB
Unit Price
$0/GB
$
Try Free
Contact us
Acknowledgement: Prices are estimates only and are not intended as actual price quotes. Actual pricing may vary depending on a variety of factors, including your actual usage of services.
Frequently Asked Questions
What is a Compute Unit (CU)?
A compute unit (CU) is a group of hardware resources for serving your indexes and search requests. You can simply consider a CU as a fully-managed physical node for deploying search service.
What is a vCU?
A virtual compute unit (vCU) is used to measure the resources consumed by read operations (such as search and query) and write operations (such as insert, upsert, and delete). The read and write costs vary for different vCU usage. The read and write costs
vary for different vCU usage
Which type of CU should I pick?
Select the Performance-optimized CU if you instant search results and high concurrent traffic for real-time applications.
Choose the Capacity-optimized CU if you need to handle large vector datasets while maintaining reliable search speeds.
Opt for the Extended-capacity CU if you need to manage massive-scale datasets where optimizing total cost is prioritized over latency. Please contact sales
if you need Extended-capacity CU.
How many CUs do I need for a given collection?
Performance-optimized CU: Supports up to 1.5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
Capacity-optimized CU: Supports up to 5 million 768-dimensional vectors.
Extended-capacity CU: Supports up to 20 million 768-dimensional vectors.
These estimates are based on vectors with primary keys only. Additional scalar fields like IDs or labels may reduce capacity. We recommend conducting your own tests for accurate assessment.
How can I get Zilliz Cloud discounts?
When you commit to an annual plan, you can get additional credits based on your usage.
How can I request a new cloud region?
To request a new cloud service provider region for Zilliz Cloud, please fill out the form
.
