API Pricing
Simple billing for companies of all sizes
With our Pay-As-You-Go pricing, you'll always have full transparency over how much you're paying for our services.
Core Transcription
$0.00025
PER SECOND
Access our production-ready AI models that can automatically convert audio files, video files, and live speech into text.
Async transcription
Real-time transcription
Process multiple files & streams in parallel
State-of-the-art accuracy
Billed per second transcribed
Try the API for free
Audio Intelligence
$0.000583
PER SECOND
*in addition to Core Transcription pricing
Build with AI models that can summarize speech, extract spoken topics, detect sentiment, and more. Powered by the latest breakthroughs in AI.
Summarization
Sentiment Analysis
Entity Detection
PII Redaction
Content Moderation
Try the API for free
Which models will you be using?
Core Transcription $0.00025/second
Access our production-ready AI models that can automatically convert audio files, video files, and live speech into text.
Audio Intelligence $0.000583/second
Build with AI models that can summarize speech, extract spoken topics, detect sentiment, and more. Powered by the latest breakthroughs in AI.
How many hours of audio do you expect to process monthly?
Pay only for what you use with Pay-as-you-Go billing, per second of audio processed by the API. hours/month
AUTOMATICALLY INCLUDED
State-of-the-art accuracy
Our APIs are backed by years of research in AI models for speech recognition and NLP.
24x7 Support
Our support engineers are standing by 24x7 over live chat, email, Slack, and phone.
SOC 2 and GDPR certified
We're committed to security, and routinely undergo monitoring and audits by third-party organizations.
Built for scale
Companies of all sizes rely on AssemblyAI to handle millions of API calls every day.
Your estimate
$900 /mo
Billed monthly Get started
Contact sales for volume pricing
Yes! You can use the API for free on a limited trial. Simply add a credit card to your account at any time to upgrade from the trial.
Absolutely! If you plan to send large volumes of audio and video content through our API, please reach out to support@assemblyai.com to see if you qualify for a volume discount.
Files take around 25% of their duration to process. For example, a 20 minute audio or video file would take 5 minutes to process.
Great question. Once you add a credit card and deposit funds into your account, your account's funds will be drained as you use the API.
Feel free to email us at support@assemblyai.com, or click the chat button in the bottom right corner of your browser to chat live with our API Support team!
We support over 12 languages and counting, including Global English (English and all of its accents).
Companies of all sizes trust AssemblyAI
Join them today.
Contact sales
