API Pricing
Transparent, simple billing for companies of all sizes
State-of-the-art production-ready AI models. Powered by AssemblyAI’s Conformer-1. Accessible through REST API, SDKs, and webhooks.
Core Transcription
$0.00025
PER SECOND
Convert audio files, video files, and live speech into text
Includes:
Speech recognition
Speaker diarization
Auto punctuation and casing
Auto language detection
Custom spelling
Custom vocabulary
Dual channel transcription
Export SRT or VTT caption files
Filler word filtering
Profanity filtering
Word search
Supports:
49 different audio and video file types
Up to 32 audio files processing in parallel
12 languages
Try the API
Audio Intelligence
$0.000583
PER SECOND
*in addition to Core Transcription pricing
Interpret your audio for business and personal workflows
Includes:
Summarization
Content moderation
Sentiment analysis
Auto highlights
PII redaction
Topic detection (IAB classification)
Entity detection
Auto chapters
Try the API
LeMUR
$0.000118
PER SECOND
$0.000036 LeMUR BASIC *in addition to Core Transcription pricing
Robust and flexible framework to apply LLMs, optimized for spoken conversations
Includes:
Question & Answer
Custom Summary
AI Coach
Supports:
Audio files up to 10 hours long
Up to 10 audio files at once
Sending additional context for personalized results
Specifying output format
Sign up for early access
Enterprise
TALK TO SALES FOR PRICING
For businesses with large volume, additional support needs, and/or bespoke use cases
Includes:
Enable AI at scale with additional concurrency
Develop custom integrations with an AssemblyAI engineer
Build, troubleshoot, and plan with dedicated support
Custom pricing based on your use case and needs
Talk to sales
Yes! You can use the API for free on a limited trial. Simply add a credit card to your account at any time to upgrade from the trial.
Absolutely! If you plan to send large volumes of audio and video content through our API, please reach out to us here
to see if you qualify for a volume discount.
Files take around 25% of their duration to process. For example, a 20 minute audio or video file would take 5 minutes to process.
Great question. Once you add a credit card and deposit funds into your account, your account's funds will be drained as you use the API.
Feel free to email us at support@assemblyai.com, or click the chat button in the bottom right corner of your browser to chat live with our API Support team!
We support over 12 languages and counting, including Global English (English and all of its accents).
Companies of all sizes trust AssemblyAI
Join them today.
Contact sales
