Simple pricing.
Monthly billing
Yearly billing
Starter.
Everything you need to get you started
$9 /month $108 yearly
Buy Starter
What's included
100,000 datapoints per month
1 users
10 websites
events
aggregated export
Business.
Work together on growing your business
$49 /month $588 yearly
Buy Business
What's included
Everything from the Starter plan, plus:
1,000,000 datapoints per month
10 users
100 websites
raw level export
Enterprise.
Get everything needed to grow your business
starting at $99 + /month depending on usage
Contact us
What's included
Everything from the Business plan, plus:
1,000,000+ datapoints per month
10+ users
100+ websites
prio email support
Frequently Asked Questions.
What are datapoints?
You can collect two types of data with Simple Analytics: page views and events. The combined term for both is datapoint. If you don't use events, the datapoints will only be page views. If you do use events, the datapoints will also be events.
Will I be charged when my trial expires?
No. After your trial expires, your plan downgrades automatically to the basic free version. Upgrade whenever you want to the plan that fits your needs.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept Credit Card, Debit Card, Bitcoin +10% & yearly, Apple Pay, and Google Pay as payment methods for all our paid plans. You can pay in Euros, US Dollars or British Pounds. Bills from $500 can be paid via bank transfers and cost an additional 10% in banking and service fees.
What will happen to my charges when my traffic grows / declines?
You only pay for what you actually need. This means that if your plan's page view limit is exceeded, you will be charged for overages. Simple Analytics automatically calculates your price based on your average amount of page views (first looking back one month, then the average of the previous three months).
So, if you had an increase in traffic during the past three months, you pay only a little more next month. Likewise, you automatically pay a little less when your average amount of page views decreased during the last months.
Can I cancel anytime?
Yes. You can cancel your subscription at any moment. You will still have access to your account and data until the end of the period you paid for.
Need more help? Please send us your question(s) via our support page
.
Start free trial now
Free 14-day trial No credit card required Cancel anytime
