Pricing.
Choose the setup that fits how your team uses analytics
Self-serve
Simple, privacy-friendly analytics
Payment frequency
Monthly
Annually
2 months free
A simple dashboard to understand your website traffic
$20 /month
Estimate your monthly pageviews
100k
100k 100k pageviews 2.5M
See your website traffic in seconds
One-page dashboard, no configuration
No cookies, no consent banners, no personal data
EU-hosted and compliant by design
Want to see all features? Compare all features.
Start for free
Includes 1 user +$20/mo per extra user
Free for hobby sites
1 user 5 websites
1 month history Badge required
Start for free
Enterprise
Simple Analytics as
a data layer
Recover 20-60% of traffic invisible to other tools
Complete data
Capture traffic lost to consent banners and ad-blockers
Traffic recovery
Find the gap between actual traffic and reported traffic
Works with your stack
Run alongside GA4, Adobe Analytics, or your current setup
Raw data access
Export to warehouses, Looker Studio, or BI tools
Team reporting
Create filtered views for teams, brands, or sites
Enterprise-ready
Support for security reviews, procurement, billing, and SOC 2
Request a demo
Enterprise capabilities
Single Sign-On Role-based access Enterprise SLA SOC2 compliance Contract reviews Looker Studio Priority support Vendor onboarding Data proxy Manual invoicing
Bloomberg
Michelin
Hyundai
GOV.UK
Polkadot
Bank of England
Sketch
Excalidraw
Nomads
Show all plan features
Frequently Asked Questions.
What we do and don't do with your data
The data we collect belongs to you. We only collect non-personal data and don't share the data with third parties or transfer it overseas. Your website data never leaves the Netherlands and, therefore, the E.U. Also, no other third-party vendors have access to any data outside the hosting company that owns the servers on which the data is stored.
What metrics do we collect?
We do not collect any personal data. We do not use cookies and never collect information that could be used to fingerprint a user. You do not need to tweak any settings to make our software privacy-friendly: Simple Analytics is privacy-friendly by design. Here is a detailed list
of what we do and don't collect from your visitors.
How does the free plan work?
Simple Analytics is free forever. To get started create an account to start your trial (no creditcard required). During 14-day trial you can explore all our features. After the 14 days, you'll need to select a plan to continue using Simple Analytics. You can choose to continue using one of our paid plans or downgrade to our free plan and continue using Simple Analytics free forever.
How does the free trial work?
When you sign-up, your 14-day free trial (no credit card required) starts. No matter which plan you choose. During these 14 days, you can use advanced features without any restrictions. After the trial period, we'll ask you to choose a plan to continue using Simple Analytics. If you choose our paid plan, we need you to add your payment details. You can switch to any plan, provided your usage remains within its limits.
Is Simple Analytics GDPR-compliant?
Simple Analytics is 100% GDPR compliant with data protection law from installation. Because it only processes non-personal data, it can satisfy the requirements of the strictest privacy regulation, including the GDPR, the ePrivacy Directive, the UK GDPR, and the PECT. For more information check our documentation
.
Can I cancel anytime?
Yes. You can cancel your subscription at any moment. You will still have access to your account and data until the end of the period you paid for.
What happens when your traffic grows?
You monthly fee will match your usage. Drag the slider to see what you pay for a certain amount of data points. Simple Analytics automatically calculates your data points (first looking back one month, then the average of the previous three months).
So, if you had an increase in traffic during the past three months, you pay only a little more next month. Likewise, you automatically pay a little less when your average amount of page views decreased during the last months.
How do we charge for yearly plans?
When you choose yearly, you estimate your traffic after your trial. We send you an email when you go over your limit, you have one week to increase your limit. Otherwise, we'll do it for you. To prevent extra invoices during the year, set your limit high enough. After the year, your datapoints will be reset to zero.
What does 30 day history mean?
You can use Simple Analytics for free forever (in our free plan). However, there are some limitations to this plan. One limit is on your analytics history, which is capped at 30 days. This means you can only view your website stats for the last 30 days. Any traffic data older than 30 days will be automatically deleted from our servers. If you need longer data history and retention, you can choose one of our paid plans.
What does unlimited pageviews mean?
Our free plan offers unlimited pageviews. This allows you to track as much traffic as your website gets without any restrictions. However, we have a fair use policy to make sure our servers run smoothly for all users. If your traffic exceeds our fair use limits, we'll notify you via email. If you're unsure about your website's traffic volume, feel free to contact us
in advance.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept Credit Card, Debit Card, Bitcoin +10% & yearly, Apple Pay, and Google Pay as payment methods for all our paid plans. You can pay in Euros, US Dollars or British Pounds. Bills from $500 can be paid via bank transfers and cost an additional 10% in banking and service fees.
Start for free now
Free forever No credit card required Cancel anytime
