Skip to main content
Jira Cloud administration
Documentation
Discover Jira Cloud apps
Set up Jira apps
Explore Jira Cloud plans
What is the Free Jira Cloud plan?
Import and export your data to and from Jira Cloud
Import work items
Import data from a CSV file
Common CSV file questions and known issues
Import CSV data with the PVCS command
Import data from JSON
Import data from Bitbucket
Import data from Trello
Export data from Jira Cloud
Migrate from other work trackers
Enable Jira features in software spaces
Enable parallel sprints in Jira
Store Jira data on your own device
Integrate Jira Cloud with other apps
Integrate with Confluence
Integrate Jira with development tools
What development data can I view in Jira?
Enable Smart Commits
Connect GitHub Cloud to Jira
Connect Jira to Bitbucket
Fix error connections between Jira Cloud and Bitbucket
Integrate Jira with Bamboo
Integrate FishEye with Jira
Integrate with feature flags
Integrate with GitLab
Integrate with Jenkins
Connect Azure DevOps to Jira
Reauthorize Azure DevOps using a different tenant
How Jenkins for Jira works
Integrate with self-hosted tools using OAuth
Link Jira to Atlassian apps using OAuth 2.0
Use AppLinks to link to Atlassian apps
Integrate apps
Administer spaces and links across multiple apps
Manage webhooks
Integrate Figma with Jira
Explore Atlassian Open DevOps
Integrate with security tools
What is the security feature?
Connect a security tool to Jira
Integrate with Snyk
Integrate GitHub Advanced Security with Jira
Integrate your deployments with Jira
What is the deployments feature?
Set up your deployment integration
Integrate Bitbucket with Jira
Integrate GitLab with Jira
Integrate Jenkins with Jira
Integrate Jira with GitHub
Connect GitHub Cloud to Jira
Link GitHub development information to Jira work items
Link GitHub workflows and deployments to Jira work items
Connect Jira to GitHub Enterprise Server
Manually create a GitHub app for Enterprise Server
GitHub Enterprise Server integration FAQ
Permissions required for GitHub for Atlassian
Backfill GitHub data in Jira
Integrate with Google
Integrate your Google account with Atlassian
Manage users, groups, permissions, and roles in Jira Cloud
Create, edit, and delete users
Assign users to groups, space roles, and apps
Monitor a user's activity
Create and update groups
Deactivate or delete managed accounts
Manage permissions
Manage global permissions
Prevent or remove public access
Manage space permissions
Permissions and work-level security in Free plans
Use manage sprints permission for advanced cases
Permissions for company-managed spaces
Customize Jira Service Management permissions
Resolve Jira Service Management permission errors
How does Jira field editability work?
Manage space roles
Manage space role membership
Allow anonymous access to spaces
Restrict work items to a space role after a transition
Set up custom onboarding for your users
What is custom onboarding?
Create a custom onboarding experience
Understand your custom onboarding data insights
Configure and manage spaces to track team progress
Create and edit a space
Configure spaces
Configure a space
Add, assign, and delete space categories
Hide a space
Convert a space to a different template or type
Configure boards
Create release notes
Default configurations for Jira Service Management
Configure the layout of the work item
Edit a space's details
Configure priorities for spaces
Manage priorities
Manage priority schemes
Trash for Jira Cloud spaces
Move a space to trash
Restore a space from trash
Delete a space
Archive a space
Configure work items
What are work items?
What are work item statuses, priorities, and resolutions?
Translate resolutions, priorities, statuses, and work types
Configure time tracking
Configure work item linking
Configure work types
What are work types?
Add, edit, and delete a work type
Configure sub-tasks
Associate work types with spaces
What are work type schemes?
Add, edit, and delete a work type scheme
Configure the work type hierarchy
Manage work item screens
What are work item screens in Jira?
Create and set up work item screens
Manage existing work item screens
Manage work type screens
Manage screen schemes
Configure fields that can be used in any space
How do I set up fields in my Jira site?
Create a new field
Field types you can create as a Jira admin
Edit a field
Why can’t I edit a field?
Find missing fields in your spaces and work items
Delete or restore a field
Configure field contexts in your site
What are field contexts?
Create a field context and define where it’s used
View a field context and how it's set up
Configure advanced field options using contexts
Manage field configurations in work items
What are field configurations and field configuration schemes?
Create or edit a field configuration
Create, edit, or delete a field configuration scheme
Change which field configuration scheme a space uses
Map field configurations to work types
Data limits and guardrails
Manage workflows and schemes
What is the new workflow editor?
Understand workflows
Enable a workflow
Copy or add a new workflow
Create workflow transitions
Edit a workflow's rules
Configure workflow statuses
What is a workflow status?
Add statuses to a Jira workflow
Remove a status from a workflow
Rename a status in a workflow
Reorder statuses on a work item
Configure resolutions
Add, edit, or delete resolutions
Configure resolutions in a Jira workflow
What is a resolution in Jira?
Configure advanced work item workflows
Work in text mode in the old editor
Add a custom event
Configure the initial status
Understand workflow triggers
Configure workflow triggers
Use workflow triggers for company-managed spaces
Troubleshoot workflow triggers
Use workflow validators for company-managed spaces
Use workflow properties
Add a workflow property
Map a screen to a workflow transition
Restrict workflows based on user groups
Configure work item workflow schemes
Add, edit, and delete a work item workflow scheme
Configure workflow schemes
Configure notification schemes
Configure work item security schemes
What is a temporary workflow?
Use the work item collector
Customize the Jira work item collector
System administration
Configure global settings
Configure Jira app options
Configure advanced settings
Configure file attachments
Enable logout confirmation
Change the default order for comments
Configure session timeout
Audit activities in Jira
Configure announcement banners
Manage shared items
Manage filters
Manage dashboards
Customize the layout and design of Jira applications
Configure the look and feel of Jira apps
Configure dashboards
Configure the default dashboard
Configure custom dashboards
Dashboard gadgets
Configure the default All work view
Configure the user default settings
Create links in the app navigator
Configure email in Jira apps
Configure Jira Cloud to send emails on behalf of your domain
Configure email notifications
Configure email notifications for a custom event
Create work items and comments from email
Manage DMARC authentication for incoming emails
Clean out old data using the Site optimizer
What is the Site optimizer?
Optimize work items in your site
Optimize fields in your site
Optimize your number of role memberships
Optimize field configuration schemes
Optimize the number of spaces in your site
Optimize work types in a work type scheme
Optimize work types in your site
Unblock user invites with the admin email audit
Use the Jira Admin Helper
Explore Jira Cloud plans
Plans in Jira Cloud let you choose the right features and functionality for your stage of business. From teams of three where you share everything, up to large enterprises with thousands of staff where visibility and control are paramount, there's a plan to suit your needs.
If you’re interested in Atlassian Government Cloud, you’re unable to sign up for apps or create an organization yourself. Contact Carahsoft or your Altassian sales contact for more information.
What do I get with each plan?
Plans comparison for Jira
Plans
Free
Standard
Premium
Enterprise
Plan description
For small teams to plan and track work more efficiently
For growing teams focused on building more together
For organizations that need to scale how they collaborate and track work
For enterprises with global scale, security, and governance needs
Features
User limit
Up to 10 users
Up to 100,000 users
Site limit
The number of instances that can be licensed under a plan.
One
150
Scrum and Kanban boards
Backlog
Agile reporting
Customizable workflows
Apps and integrations
Automation
Automate any task or process with just a few clicks. With Global and multi- space automation you can automate across as many spaces as you need with a single rule. Read more about Atlassian Automation
Automation usage limits vary by app and plan. Read more about automation limits
Roadmaps
Build big picture plans for your team. Our basic roadmap is designed to enable you to build a roadmap for your team. Plans are designed to help you build roadmaps across multiple teams. Learn more.
Basic
Advanced
Dependency management
Track dependencies within your team and across your organization to ensure spaces deliver on time. Basic dependency management is designed to help you map dependencies within your team. Advanced dependency management is designed to help you map dependencies across multiple teams.
Space roles
Advanced permissions
Capacity planning
Keep your goals on track by accounting for whether your teams have bandwidth to complete the work they’ve scoped. See multiple teams' capacity on a sprint by sprint basis.
Space archiving
Admin controls
Domain verification and account capture
Session duration management (desktop)
Admin insights
Sandbox
Leverage a safe, isolated sandbox environment to test and preview configuration changes, app updates and more along with ability to clone data from production environment. Find out more
.
Release tracks
Batch cloud releases to give admins time to plan and prepare end-users for updates. Learn more
.
Security and compliance
Single sign-on, SCIM provisioning, and Active Directory Sync
Requires Atlassian Guard Standard subscription
Included
Password policies
Encryption in transit & at rest
Business continuity & disaster recovery
Anonymous access
Audit logs
Anonymous access
IP allowlisting
Data residency
Specify where your data is hosted within Atlassian’s global cloud footprint to help meet your corporate policies and compliance requirements. Find out more
.
Storage, support and invoicing
Storage
2 GB file storage
250 GB file storage
Unlimited storage
Support
Community support
Local business hours
24/7 Premium support
24/7 Enterprise support
Guaranteed Uptime SLA
99.9%
99.95%
Centralized Per-User Licensing
Centralized per-user subscription model that allows a user entry into all sites (instances) with a single license
For a price estimate, check out our Jira pricing
page.
Plans comparison for Jira Product Discovery
Administration
Free
Standard
Premium
Creator limit per site
Three creators
Unlimited
Number of contributors
Unlimited
Storage
2 GB file storage
250 GB file storage
Unlimited
Automation
200 rules runs per month
500 rules runs per month
1000 rules per user per month
Space workflows
Space roles
Custom space roles
Data Residency
Admin insights
Atlassian Intelligence (AI)
Sandbox
Coming soon
IP allowlisting
Coming soon
Ideation
Free
Standard
Premium
Ideas and templates
Idea import
Insights
Chrome extension
Prioritization and roadmapping
Free
Standard
Premium
List views
Matrix views
Timeline views
Custom fields and formulas
Stakeholder engagement
Free
Standard
Premium
Comments, reactions, and votes
Idea export
Internally shareable links
Jira integration
Published views
Cross- space views
View permissions
Customer support
Free
Standard
Premium
Support
Atlassian Community
Business hours support
24/7 Premium Support
SLA
99,9%
Plans comparison for Jira Service Management
Free
Standard
Premium
Enterprise
User limit
Up to 3 agents
Up to 20,000 agents
Customer limit
Unlimited
Storage
2 GB
250 GB
Unlimited
Support
Community support
9–5 Standard Support
24/7 Premium Support
24/7 Enterprise Support
Multi-channel support
Multiple help centers on a single site
-
Customizable workflows and SLA’s
Custom reports
Automation
Automation usage limits vary by app and plan. Read more about automation limits
Global and multi- space automation
100 executions per month
5,000 executions per month
1,000 executions per user per month (combined)
Work-level security settings
-
Audit logs
-
Sandboxes
-
Release tracks
-
Data pinning to a realm
-
Uptime SLA
-
99.9%
99.95%
Assets
Up to 50,000 objects ( more available via add-ons
)
Up to 500,000 objects ( more available via add-ons
)
Virtual service agent
Up to 1,000 assisted conversations per month ( more available via add-ons
)
Up to 1,000 assisted conversations per month ( more available via add-ons
)
For a price estimate, check out our Jira Service Management pricing page
.
Free
The Free plan is for small teams of fewer than 10 people who are just getting started with Jira.
On the Free plan you get:
Up to 10 users (or 3 agents for Jira Service Management)
2 GB of file storage
Atlassian Community
support
Limitations in Free
There are some limitations to the following features when you use Free plans for Jira Cloud apps:
Permissions, roles, and work-level security
Audit logs
Email notifications
Apps that extend Jira Cloud
Advanced roadmaps that can help you track multiple spaces across different teams
Atlassian reserves the right to deactivate Free Jira Cloud sites due to inactivity.
Read more about deactivating inactive apps and other limitations in Free plans
.
Standard
As your team grows, and you need tighter access control, more file storage, and better support, you can move to Standard or Premium.
On the Standard plan, you move up to:
Up to 100,000 users for Jira (10,000 for Jira Work Management and 20,000 agents in Jira Service Management)
250 GB of file storage
Advanced permissions, roles, and permission sharing between company-managed spaces
Audit logs for keeping track of important changes
Pin app content at rest to a data realm – Find out
Standard Support (available 9 am–5 pm Monday to Friday for your time zone)
Advanced roadmaps can help you and your team track multiple spaces across different teams. To take advantage of Jira's powerful work tracking features, upgrade your plan to Premium.
Premium
The Premium plan is available for Jira and Jira Service Management. This plan gets you the best of everything, including Premium dedicated customer support.
On the Premium plan for both Jira and Jira Service Management, you get:
Unlimited file storage
Premium dedicated Atlassian 24/7 support
99.9% uptime service level agreement (SLA)
Advanced roadmaps that help you track multiple spaces across different teams
Sandboxes
Release tracks
Up to 50,000 objects for Assets ( more available via add-ons
)
Up to 1,000 assisted conversations per month for the virtual service agent ( more available via add-ons
)
Enterprise
The Enterprise plan is available for Jira and Jira Service Management. This plan gets you everything from the Premium plan, plus you can:
Give users access to multiple Jira Enterprise apps (up to 150) and only pay for each user once
Get our 99.95% uptime service level agreement (SLA)
Up to 500,000 objects for Assets ( more available via add-ons
)
To inquire about an Enterprise trial or change to an Enterprise plan, fill out our contact form
and someone from our team will reach out.
Inherited Jira Work Management plans
If you have a license for either Jira or Jira Service Management, you also get Jira Work Management with space templates made specifically for business teams. The Jira Work Management plan you inherit depends on what plans you have for your other Jira Cloud apps.
If all of your other Jira Cloud apps are on the Free plan, you'll get the features of a Jira Work Management Free plan
If all of your other Jira Cloud apps are on the Standard plan, you'll get the features of Jira Work Management Standard plan
If all of your other Jira Cloud apps are on the Premium plan, you'll get the features of a Jira Work Management Premium plan
Currently, Jira Work Management does not have Enterprise plans.
If you don't specifically activate a license for Jira Work Management, you can use the features associated with your plan level but you don't get a separate user allowance for Jira Work Management. To add more users for Jira Work Management, activate a plan for Jira Work Management.
Change your plan
If you're using Jira Cloud already, you can try another plan at no extra cost for the remainder of your current and next billing cycles, and cancel any time during the trial if you don't want to proceed. During a trial, you can use all the features available on the new plan, but SLA compensation included on the Premium or Enterprise plan doesn't commence until the end of your trial. Once the trial finishes, you'll be placed onto the new plan and charged the new amount at the end of your billing 
to try the Enterprise plan.
Not sure which plan you're on? Go to Settings (), then Billing, then Manage subscriptions to find out. The plan for each app is shown next to the app name.
If you change to a lower plan level, you can keep using the features available in your current plan until the end of your billing period.
You need to be an Atlassian Cloud site admin to change a plan for your site. Learn more about site admins
.
To change the plan for your site:
Choose Settings (), then Billing, then Manage subscriptions
Choose Change next to your plan name
You're ready to try out your new plan!
To successfully change to the Free plan for a Jira Cloud app, you need to have 10 users or fewer ( Jira) or 3 agents or fewer (Jira Service Management). If you're over that limit when you try to change your plan, the change will fail and you'll remain on your current plan.
Free cloud migration trials for Jira Data Center instances
If you're using Jira Data Center and trialing Jira Cloud, your cloud migration trial lasts for the remainder of your existing data center license period, up to 12 months. If you change to the Free plan during that trial period, your cloud migration trial will end immediately, and you'll be required to upgrade to a Standard or Premium Jira Cloud plan to use additional features. For that reason, we don't recommend changing to the Free plan while you're on a free cloud migration trial. To learn mor
.
Check out the Free Jira Cloud plan and the features that come with it.
View topic
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Explore more
What is the Free Jira Cloud plan?
Discover Jira Cloud apps
Set up Jira apps
Explore Jira Cloud plans
Import and export your data to and from Jira Cloud
Enable Jira features in software spaces
On this page What do I get with each plan?
Free
Standard
Premium
Enterprise
Inherited Jira Work Management plans
Change your plan
Free cloud migration trials for Jira Data Center instances
Community Questions, discussions, and articles
