Product Roundup Here’s a summary of all that was released in Q2 2023
Docs
Login
Hygraph Pricing
From ambitious ideas to market-leading applications consumed by millions across the world, our plans scale with you based on your needs.
Bill yearly
Bill monthly
Save up to 25% with yearly billing
Community
Free forever
Perfect for personal or small-scale projects that require a robust Content API
Fully Hosted and GraphQL native Headless CMS
Robust GraphQL Content APIs for read and write access
Built in Digital Asset Management with Assets Transformation API
Work together with up to 3 users and 2 locales per project
Automate custom logic with granular webhooks
Up to 1 million monthly API calls and 100GB monthly asset traffic (hard limit)
Sign up for free
Self Service
Professional
$ 299
Scale
$ 799
per project per month (billed yearly)
Perfect for growing teams scaling their applications and products
Bring your team to build projects, with up to 20 users and 4 roles
Complete access to our GraphQL Management API and SDK
Ideal for growing applications that don’t require an SLA
Manage content without risks, with content versioning and periodic backups
Improve internal workflows with multiple environments and custom content stages
Scale as you go without enforced limits on API operations and asset traffic (+overage)
Get started
Enterprise
Custom
Custom plans to build market leading applications, tailored to your requirements
Federate content by unifying services and extend your API to external sources
Dedicated infrastructures, global CDN coverage, and 24/7 monitoring
Tailored custom limits on users, locales, entries, API operations, and more
Security & governance controls, fine-grained permissions, audit logs, and SSO
Custom uptime and support SLAs for running mission critical content operations
Professional support in onboarding, architecture, training, and success
Request enterprise trial
Compare Plans
All features
Save up to 25% on yearly subscription
Community
Free forever
Sign up for free
Professional
$299 per project per month (billed yearly)
Get started
Scale
$799 per project per month (billed yearly)
Get started
Enterprise
Custom
Request a Trial
Project Limits
Seats
The number of users that can access your Hygraph project
3
10
20
100+
Environments
Isolated sandbox environments for your project to support your development iterations
1
2
3
10+
Roles
User-based permissions like admin and editor
2
4
20+
Locales
Number of languages you can translate your content into
2
5
8
60+
Content Entries
Number of content entries across all your content models, such as a product, article, page, assets, etc
1000
25000
50000
1 million+
Content Models
Number of content models your project can have at a time. Each model consists of several fields based on how you structure them
20
50
75
150+
Components
Basic and Modular Components are a pre-defined set of fields to be used across multiple models
20
50
75
150+
API Calls per month
Each request to your API endpoint (such as GraphQL queries or mutations) counts as one API operation
1 million (hard limit)
1 million (+ overages)
10 million+
Asset Traffic per month
The total bandwidth of assets you can query a month. Includes images, videos, documents, and other files
100 GB (hard limit)
500 GB (+ overages)
1 TB+
Content Stages
Iterate on your draft content and publish to your destination stages. Safely continue drafting even after publishing
2
3
5+
Remote Sources
Custom resolver entry points for your schema to programmatically source content from external REST and GraphQL APIs.
1
2
3
10+
Development & Deployment
GraphQL Query API
Programmatically query content from Hygraph from a single GraphQL endpoint
GraphQL Mutations API
Programmatically populate content into Hygraph via GraphQL mutations
Image Delivery and Transformation API
Query assets from our in-built DAM and execute asset transformations on the fly
Integrations
Extend the capabilities of Hygraph by integrating with your favorite tools and services
Management SDK
Use our JavaScript based management SDK to apply changes to your project via code and integrate in your CI/CD processes
Content Editing
Rich Editing Interface
Intuitive and clean user interface to easily manage your content
Digital Asset Management (DAM)
Manage and optimize all your digital assets Hygraph. Enrich with custom metadata
Localization
Translate your content into multiple languages using the content management interface or API
Publishing per Locale
Publish the localized variations of your content individually
Input Validations
Support content creators with our input validation for cases like emails, phone numbers or custom definitions
Preview URLs
Generate preview URLs based on your content to easily preview content on all your environments
Image Editor
Edit images before uploading them to the CMS
Batch Operations
Bulk overwrite multiple content entries at once
Versioning and Version Retention
Snapshots of all your published content are stored for a certain amount of time, to let you compare and roll back if needed
-
30 days
90 days
365+ days
Scheduled Publishing
Publish content at a specific time and date in the future individually or bundled within a release.
Extensibility
Granular Webhooks
Programmatically trigger custom logic with any web service
UI Extensions
Extend the Hygraph UI to match your use case with custom UI extensions for your content needs
Governance & Compliance
GDPR Compliance
All our services and vendors are GDPR compliant, with data hosted in Europe if selected
Audit Logs
Get full observability of your project and track all actions performed within Hygraph
-
365+ days
Custom Roles and Permissions
Custom role based access controls with model, document, field and conditional permissions
-
Single Sign On (SSO)
Authenticate your users to access Hygraph and log in with a single ID and password based on your internal procedures
-
IT Security and Legal Review
Our legal and IT security experts will provide you with all information required for your security and legal compliance
-
Infrastructure & Security
Choice of Data Centers
Host all your content in a shared data center of your choice from 9 locations. Enterprise plans have more options
Australia, Brazil, Canada, Germany, India, Japan, US East, US West, United Kingdom
Choose from 77+ Global Data Centers
Worldwide Content and Asset Delivery Network (CDN)
All your content and assets can be cached across 190 edge data centers around the world
Encryption at Rest
Customer content encrypted at rest with 256 Bit (AES-256)
Encryption in Transit
Default use of HTTPS/TLS to encrypt all content moving from Hygraph through public networks
Backups
Point-in-time recovery options are available on our paid plans. Additionally, offsite backups are also available as an optional upgrade on our Enterprise plans
-
Query Acceleration with Custom Database Indexes
Based on your most demanding queries we will optimize database indexes to increase your query performance
-
Dedicated Infrastructure
Get a dedicated data center to host all your content from 77 options across the globe
-
24/7 Infrastructure Monitoring
Our team of experts will monitor the Hygraph infrastructure around the clock
-
API white-labelling
Serve your Hygraph content APIs from your own domains
-
Support & Services
Support Channels
Get quick responses from our wider community, via email, or via dedicated support options
Community
Community, Email
Community, Email, Phone, Dedicated Slack Channels
Uptime SLAs
Hygraph will provide you with service level guarantees for Content API availability of 99.9%
-
99.9%+
Response SLAs
Hygraph experts will provide you with a 24/7 access to professional technical support
-
Under 60 minutes
Customer Success Manager
A dedicated Account Manager will make sure you have a seamless experience with Hygraph
-
Onboarding Sessions
Enterprise customers get dedicated onboarding sessions to get their teams up and running in minimal time
-
3+
Architectural Consulting
Optionally, our consultants will guide your team on best practices pertaining to your architecture
-
8+ hours
Data Modelling Consulting
Optionally, our solutions architects will guide your team on best practices with using Hygraph and content modelling
-
8+ hours
End-user Training
Optionally, our solutions engineers will work with your team on using Hygraph optimally
-
Implementation Partner Access
Gain priority access to our implementation partners across the world who can assist you in building your projects
-
All Hygraph plans include
100% GraphQL
Embrace programmatic content management with our industry leading GraphQL Content API, Asset API, and Mutations API.
Unmatched performance
All your content is available almost instantly, with queries cached across 190 data centers worldwide.
Inbuilt i18n
All our plans come with localization and locale-based publishing out of the box to handle multiple languages. Enterprise plans come with optional automatic AI translations.
Complete flexibility and choice
Define your structure with our intuitive schema builder, and deliver market leading projects via our intuitive Content Studio, or programmatically via API.
Built for collaborating
Invite all your team members to collaborate with you on your projects. Our free plans start at 5 users per project, with enterprise plans having custom seat limits.
Intuitive Content Studio
Define your schema with our visual schema-builder, test your queries and mutations, enrich and publish your content, and tons more. All from the Hygraph Content Studio.
Frequently Asked Questions
Is my credit card information needed to sign up for Hygraph?
Not at all! Sign up for the Developer plan, our free forever plan that comes with generous feature limits to build out personal projects or MVPs. All you need is to sign up with your email address or via social profiles (GitHub, Facebook, or Google).
What are Content Records?
Any single piece of content that is stored in Hygraph counts as a record, regardless if it contains one field or many. If you have a schema for "landing page", then every "landing page" content entry counts as a single record, not each field within it.
What are assets?
Assets are any digital files that are uploaded to Hygraph's Digital Asset Manager, or DAM (e.g. images, PDF files, or videos). They are stored in Hygraph and served via a global content delivery network (CDN).
What if I need more content locales, users, or stages?
Feel free to
if you have any specific questions regarding plan customization or upgrading! We are happy to work with you on a case by case basis to make sure your plan supports your needs. reach out to our Sales Team
How do I purchase more API Operations and Asset Traffic?
In case you are on a paid plan and reach your API Operations and Asset Traffic limits, additional usage will be charged automatically from your credit card at the end of your billing cycle. Overages (every 10,000 API Operations and 1 GB of Asset Traffic) cost USD 10 cents each (USD 10 for every 1 million). If this happens on a free developer plan, usage will be blocked until the next billing period. You can monitor your usage statistics on your project dashboard.
What are my payment options?
We accept credit cards from all major credit card providers. Enterprise plans can be paid by bank transfer as well.
Does Hygraph use USD for all transactions?
In most cases, we charge USD. European based customers can also be charged in EUR.
Do you charge extra API Operations and Asset Traffic immediately?
No, the additional usage will be charged at the end of a billing period.
Is there a rate limit on the content APIs?
Cached requests are not rate limited. Uncached requests that fetch content from the database are rate limited on the different tiers by default:
Community: 5req/sec
Professional: 25req/sec
Scale: 35req/sec
Enterprise: >50req/sec
All limits can be lifted. Talk to sales
to request a custom plan.
Are there custom pricing options available?
Yes! We understand that every business has different needs. Our goal is to provide you with the tools that can help you achieve your vision for your projects. The Hygraph
will work with you to find the best solution for your company. Sales Team
How do I receive a Service Level Agreement?
Service Level Agreements are available in our Enterprise Plans but feel free to reach out to our Hygraph Sales Team
about your specific requests and we will see how we can best meet your needs.
If I don’t pay for a Service Level Agreement, are there other options for support?
There are many other options for support with all of your Hygraph needs! Reach out to us in our Slack Channel
on Intercom (our on-site or in-app chat), or email us at [email protected]
We also have an extensive collection of documents
available on our website that can help you through the onboarding of Hygraph.
Are there any other fees that I should know about?
No, all prices for our self-service plans are listed on our website in the Pricing section. There are no hidden fees or additional charges on top, with the exception of API-operation and Asset overages, as highlighted before.
Do you offer special pricing options for students, non-profits, and open source projects?
Yes! We'd love to accommodate your requests for special projects. Get in touch
with us to discuss your project, and we'd be more than happy to talk about how we can support you. We often collaborate with others to support projects, particularly around education
and open-source
.
Do you offer a free trial of all features?
When starting a new project in Hygraph, you can choose to start a free 14-day trial of our Professional plan, giving you access to all the features and limits in that plan. If you're working towards a Proof of Concept or MVP for a project at a much larger scale and would like to try out our Enterprise features, get in touch with our Sales team
.
What happens when my free trial expires?
After your 14-day free trial expires, you would need to decide between upgrading to one of our paid plans, or downgrading your project to the free Community plan (provided your project has not crossed the limits permitted on the free plan).
Get started for free, or request a demo to discuss larger projects
Contact sales
Get started
