Start free with all features
Generous free tier. Scale to billions of records.
Estimate your usage
Xata charges in pre-paid capacity units. Never get surprised by a bill. First three units for free.
Show examples
Show unit usage
Select an example
Personal site or prototype
SaaS application - 1k users
SaaS application - 10k users
SaaS application - 100k users
SaaS application - 1MM users
E-commerce - 30k users
E-commerce - 1MM users
E-commerce - 100MM users
Chat app - 5k users
Chat app - 1MM users
Chat app - 10MM users
Custom
A personal site or prototype that builds statically and doesn't require much interactivity.
Estimated cost
$ 0 per month
750 k total records
Measured across all tables
15 branches
Per database
75 Requests per second
30 of which can be in parallel
15 GB Data size on disk
Stored in the transactional store and file attachments
250 AI questions
That hit the Ask endpoints
For a database that can do it all
High-availability on all plans
Unlimited team members
No servers to configure
Vector & keyword search engine
Database branching
Preview database for each PR
Spreadsheet-like editing
Zero downtime migrations
Data aggregations & analytics
Edge caching
TypeScript SDK
Python client
Common questions
What is a capacity unit?
In most cases, you can think of a unit as 250,000 records. There are extra limits applied (rate limit, concurrency limit, data size limit) but with normal usage patterns you shouldn't hit them.
Is there a maximum number of reads and writes per month?
No, you can serve as many reads and writes as you want within the rate limit, which is defined per second (resets every second).
How is the data size measured?
We measure one copy of your data, as it is stored in the primary transactional store and file attachments. For data redundancy purposes, and because we use multiple types of stores, we store multiple copies of your data (typically 5 copies), but we only charge for one.
What is the concurrency limit?
The concurrency limit is the maximum number of queries that are executed in parallel. It is different from a "connections limit" because the queries are counted only while they are actually executing, and more connections can be accepted and queued. Its goal is to protect against very slow queries.
What happens when I exceed the number of records or data size limit?
The number of records and data size are soft-limits and are not enforced in real-time. If you are over the limit for a long time, we will contact you to upgrade.
What happens when the rate limit or concurrency limits are reached?
When the rate limit or concurrency limits are reached, we will throttle your requests and we might answer with a 429 status code. Your app will be in degraded mode, but only the requests over the limit are affected. The rate limit is reset every second, and the concurrency limit is measured at any given time.
What happens on upgrade and downgrade?
If you upgrade in the middle of the billing month, you will be charged a pro-rated amount for the remaining days of the month. If you downgrade in the middle of the billing month, we will credit you a pro-rated amount for the remaining days of the month.
Will my database be suspended after a period of inactivity?
Nope, even if it’s not accessed, we don’t put your DB to sleep, even on the free plan. We want projects of all kinds to be able to depend on Xata even if they are not paying.
Do you have a startups program?
Yes, we do, please get in touch with us for details.
We are a non-profit. Do you have discounts?
Yes! In fact, the idea for Xata was born out of a non-profit. Get in touch with us, we’d love to help.
Copyright © 2023 Xatabase Inc.
All rights reserved.
Product
Roadmap
Feature requests
Pricing
Status
AI solutions
File attachments
Company
About
Careers
Blog
RSS
Contact
Email
Support
Discord
Twitter
GitHub
Legal
Cookies
Security
Terms
Privacy policy
