Menu
Getting Started
Overview
Introduction
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Grok
Models and Pricing
What's New?
Key Information
Manage Billing
Consumption and Rate Limits
Regional Endpoints
Usage Explorer
Using Management API
Migrating to New Models
Debugging Errors
Guides
Chat
Chat with Reasoning
Live Search
Image Understanding
Image Generations
Stream Response
Deferred Chat Completions
Asynchronous Requests
Function Calling
Structured Outputs
Fingerprint
Migration from Other Providers
Prompt Engineering for Grok Code Fast 1
new
Resources
Community Integrations
FAQ - General
FAQ - xAI API
FAQ - Grok Website / Apps
Service status:
Loading...
xAI API Developer Discord
Email xAI Support
Key Information
Models and Pricing
An overview of our models' capabilities and their associated pricing.
Grok Code Fast 1
We're thrilled to introduce grok-code-fast-1, a speedy and economical reasoning model that excels at agentic coding.
Modalities
Context window
256,000
Features
Function calling
Structured outputs
Reasoning
Lightning fast
Low cost
View model
Model Pricing
Model
Modalities
Capabilities
Context
Rate limits
Pricing
Language models
Per million tokens
grok-code-fast-1
256,000
2M tpm
480 rpm
$0.20 $1.50
grok-4-0709
256,000
2M tpm
480 rpm
$3.00 $15.00
grok-3
131,072
600 rpm
$3.00 $15.00
grok-3-mini
131,072
480 rpm
$0.30 $0.50
Image generation models
Per image output
grok-2-image-1212
300 rpm
$0.07
Show deprecated models
Grok 4 Information for Grok 3 Users
When moving from grok-3 / grok-3-mini to grok-4, please note the following differences:
• Grok 4 is a reasoning model. There are no non-reasoning mode when using Grok 4.
• presencePenalty, frequencyPenalty and stop parameters are not supported by reasoning models. Adding them in the request would result in error.
• Grok 4 does not have a reasoning_effort parameter. If a reasoning_effort is provided, the request will return error.
Live Search Pricing
Live Search costs $25 per 1,000 sources used. That means each source costs $0.025.
The number of sources used can be found in the response object, which contains a field called response.usage.num_sources_used.
For more information on using Live Search, visit our guide on Live Search
or look for search_parameters parameter on API Reference - Chat Completions
.
Usage Guidelines Violation Fee
A rare occurrence for most users, when your request is deemed to be in violation of our usage guideline by our system, we will charge a $0.05 per request usage guidelines violation fee.
Additional Information Regarding Models
No access to realtime events without Live Search enabled Grok has no knowledge of current events or data beyond what was present in its training data.
To incorporate realtime data with your request, please use Live Search
function, or pass any realtime data as context in your system prompt.
Chat models No role order limitation: You can mix system, user, or assistant roles in any sequence for your conversation context.
Image input models Maximum image size: 20MiB
Maximum number of images: No limit
Supported image file types: jpg/jpeg or png.
Any image/text input order is accepted (e.g. text prompt can precede image prompt)
The knowledge cut-off date of Grok 3 and Grok 4 are November, 2024.
Model Aliases
Some models have aliases to help user automatically migrate to the next version of the same model. In general:
<modelname> is aliased to the latest stable version.
<modelname>-latest is aliased to the latest version. This is suitable for users who want to access the latest features.
<modelname>-<date> refers directly to a specific model release. This will not be updated and is for workflows that demand consistency.
For most users, the aliased <modelname> or <modelname>-latest are recommended, as you would receive the latest features automatically.
Billing and Availability
Your model access might vary depending on various factors such as geographical location, account limitations, etc.
For how the bills are charged, visit Manage Billing
for more information.
For the most up-to-date information on your team's model availability, visit Models Page
on xAI Console.
Model Input and Output
Each model can have one or multiple input and output capabilities. The input capabilities refer to which type(s) of prompt can the model accept in the request message body. The output capabilities refer to which type(s) of completion will the model generate in the response message body.
This is a prompt example for models with text input capability:
This is a prompt example for models with text and image input capabilities:
This is a prompt example for models with text input and image output capabilities:
Context Window
The context window determines the maximum amount of token accepted by the model in the prompt.
For more information on how token is counted, visit Consumption and Rate Limits
.
If you are sending the entire conversation history in the prompt for use cases like chat assistant, the sum of all the prompts in your conversation history must be no greater than the context window.
Cached prompt tokens
Trying to run the same prompt multiple times? You can now use cached prompt tokens to incur less cost on repeated prompts. By reusing stored prompt data, you save on processing expenses for identical requests. Enable caching in your settings and start saving today!
The caching is automatically enabled for all requests without user input. You can view the cached prompt token consumption in the "usage" object
.
For details on the pricing, please refer to the pricing table above, or on xAI Console
.
