Getting Started
Overview
Introduction
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Grok
Models and Pricing
What's New?
Key Information
Manage Billing
Consumption and Rate Limits
Regional Endpoints
Collections
new
Using Management API
Usage Explorer
Migrating to New Models
Debugging Errors
Guides
Stateful Responses
Chat
Chat with Reasoning
Tools
new
Files
new
Live Search
Using Collections
new
Image Understanding
Image Generations
Stream Response
Deferred Chat Completions
Asynchronous Requests
Function Calling
Structured Outputs
Fingerprint
Migration from Other Providers
Prompt Engineering for Grok Code
Grok Business / Enterprise
Grok.com User Guide
License & User Management
Organization Management
Resources
Community Integrations
FAQ - General
FAQ - xAI API
FAQ - Grok Website / Apps
Loading...
Key Information
Models and Pricing
An overview of our models' capabilities and their associated pricing.
Grok 4.1 Fast
We’re excited to bring you Grok 4.1 Fast, a frontier multimodal model optimized specifically for high-performance agentic tool calling.
Modalities
Context window
2,000,000
Features
Function calling
Structured outputs
Reasoning
Lightning fast
Low cost
View base model
View non-reasoning model
Model Pricing
Model
Modalities
Capabilities
Context
Rate limits
Pricing
Language models
Per million tokens
grok-4-1-fast-reasoning
2,000,000
4M tpm
480 rpm
$0.20 $0.50
grok-4-1-fast-non-reasoning
2,000,000
4M tpm
480 rpm
$0.20 $0.50
grok-code-fast-1
256,000
2M tpm
480 rpm
$0.20 $1.50
grok-4-fast-reasoning
2,000,000
4M tpm
480 rpm
$0.20 $0.50
grok-4-fast-non-reasoning
2,000,000
4M tpm
480 rpm
$0.20 $0.50
grok-4-0709
256,000
2M tpm
480 rpm
$3.00 $15.00
grok-3-mini
131,072
480 rpm
$0.30 $0.50
grok-3
131,072
600 rpm
$3.00 $15.00
grok-2-vision-1212 us-east-1
32,768
600 rpm
$2.00 $10.00
grok-2-vision-1212 eu-west-1
32,768
50 rps
$2.00 $10.00
Image generation models
Per image output
grok-2-image-1212
300 rpm
$0.07
Grok 4 Information for Grok 3 Users
When moving from grok-3 / grok-3-mini to grok-4, please note the following differences:
• Grok 4 is a reasoning model. There is no non-reasoning mode when using Grok 4.
• presencePenalty, frequencyPenalty and stop parameters are not supported by reasoning models. Adding them in the request would result in an error.
• Grok 4 does not have a reasoning_effort parameter. If a reasoning_effort is provided, the request will return an error.
Tools Pricing
Requests which make use of xAI provided server-side tools
are priced based on two components: token usage and server-side tool invocations. Since the agent autonomously decides how many tools to call, costs scale with query complexity.
Token Costs
All standard token types are billed at the rate
for the model used in the request:
Input tokens: Your query and conversation history
Reasoning tokens: Agent's internal thinking and planning
Completion tokens: The final response
Image tokens: Visual content analysis (when applicable)
Cached prompt tokens: Prompt tokens that were served from cache rather than recomputed
Tool Invocation Costs
For a limited time, all server-side tool invocations are free until December 3, 2025.
Tool
Cost per 1,000 calls
Description
Web Search
$5
Internet search and page browsing
X Search
$5
X posts, users, and threads
Code Execution
$5
Python code execution environment
Document Search
$5
Search through uploaded files and documents
View Image
Token-based only
Image analysis within search results
View X Video
Token-based only
Video analysis within X posts
Collections Search
$2.50
Knowledge base search using xAI Collections
Remote MCP Tools
Token-based only
Custom MCP tools
For the view image and view x video tools, you will not be charged for the tool invocation itself but will be charged for the image tokens used to process the image or video.
For Remote MCP tools, you will not be charged for the tool invocation but will be charged for any tokens used.
For more information on using Tools, please visit our guide on Tools
.
Live Search Pricing
The advanced agentic search capabilities powering grok.com are generally available in the new agentic tool calling API
and the Live Search API but will be deprecated by December 15, 2025.
Live Search costs $25 per 1,000 sources requested, each source used (Web, X, News, RSS) in a request counts toward the usage. That means a search using 4 sources costs $0.10 while a search using 1 source is $0.025. A source (e.g. Web) may return multiple citations, but you will be charged for only one source.
The number of sources used can be found in the response object, which contains a field called response.usage.num_sources_used.
For more information on using Live Search, visit our guide on Live Search
or look for search_parameters parameter on API Reference - Chat Completions
.
Documents Search Pricing
For users using our Collections API and Documents Search, the following pricing applies:
Item
Price
Documents Search
$2.50/1k requests
File Storage
free
Collections Storage
free
Usage Guidelines Violation Fee
A rare occurrence for most users, when your request is deemed to be in violation of our usage guideline by our system, we will charge a $0.05 per request usage guidelines violation fee.
Additional Information Regarding Models
No access to realtime events without Live Search enabled Grok has no knowledge of current events or data beyond what was present in its training data.
To incorporate realtime data with your request, please use Live Search
function, or pass any realtime data as context in your system prompt.
Chat models No role order limitation: You can mix system, user, or assistant roles in any sequence for your conversation context.
Image input models Maximum image size: 20MiB
Maximum number of images: No limit
Supported image file types: jpg/jpeg or png.
Any image/text input order is accepted (e.g. text prompt can precede image prompt)
The knowledge cut-off date of Grok 3 and Grok 4 is November, 2024.
Model Aliases
Some models have aliases to help users automatically migrate to the next version of the same model. In general:
<modelname> is aliased to the latest stable version.
<modelname>-latest is aliased to the latest version. This is suitable for users who want to access the latest features.
<modelname>-<date> refers directly to a specific model release. This will not be updated and is for workflows that demand consistency.
For most users, the aliased <modelname> or <modelname>-latest are recommended, as you would receive the latest features automatically.
Billing and Availability
Your model access might vary depending on various factors such as geographical location, account limitations, etc.
For how the bills are charged, visit Manage Billing
for more information.
For the most up-to-date information on your team's model availability, visit Models Page
on xAI Console.
Model Input and Output
Each model can have one or multiple input and output capabilities. The input capabilities refer to which type(s) of prompt can the model accept in the request message body. The output capabilities refer to which type(s) of completion will the model generate in the response message body.
This is a prompt example for models with text input capability:
JSON
[ { "role": "system", "content": "You are Grok, a chatbot inspired by the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy." }, { "role": "user", "content": "What is the meaning of life, the universe, and everything?" } ]
This is a prompt example for models with text and image input capabilities:
JSON
[ { "role": "user", "content": [ { "type": "image_url", "image_url": { "url": "data:image/jpeg;base64,<base64_image_string>", "detail": "high" } }, { "type": "text", "text": "Describe what's in this image." } ] } ]
This is a prompt example for models with text input and image output capabilities:
JSON
// The entire request body { "model": "grok-4", "prompt": "A cat in a tree", "n": 4 }
Context Window
The context window determines the maximum amount of tokens accepted by the model in the prompt.
For more information on how token is counted, visit Consumption and Rate Limits
.
If you are sending the entire conversation history in the prompt for use cases like chat assistant, the sum of all the prompts in your conversation history must be no greater than the context window.
Cached prompt tokens
Trying to run the same prompt multiple times? You can now use cached prompt tokens to incur less cost on repeated prompts. By reusing stored prompt data, you save on processing expenses for identical requests. Enable caching in your settings and start saving today!
The caching is automatically enabled for all requests without user input. You can view the cached prompt token consumption in the "usage" object
.
For details on the pricing, please refer to the pricing table above, or on xAI Console
.
