Standard
Access a complete payments platform with simple, pay-as-you-go pricing. No setup fees, monthly fees, or hidden fees.
Start now
2.9% + 30¢
per successful charge for domestic cards
Custom
Design a custom package— available for businesses with large payments volume or unique business models.
Contact sales
IC+ pricing
Volume discounts
Multi-product discounts
Country-specific rates
Get 100+ features
out of the box with Stripe’s integrated per-transaction pricing.
Software and infrastructure for e-commerce, recurring billing, marketplaces, and more.
Cards and wallets
Integrated per-transaction pricing means no setup fees or monthly fees. The price is the same for all cards and digital wallets.
2.9% + 30¢ per successful charge for domestic cards
+ 0.5% for manually entered cards
+ 1.5% for international cards
+ 1% if currency conversion
is required
Link
Link autofills your customers’ saved cards and US bank accounts to deliver a frictionless customer experience.
2.9% + 30¢ per successful charge for domestic cards
2.6% + 30¢ per successful charge for Instant Bank Payments
Learn more
Bank debits and transfers
Accept large payments or recurring charges securely with ACH debit, ACH credit, or wire transfers.
0.8% ACH Direct Debit
$5.00 cap
See more payment methods
International payment methods
Increase conversion by supporting popular payment methods around the world with a single integration.
Starting at 80¢ for iDEAL
See more payment methods
Buy Now Pay Later
Boost conversion and average order value by offering more flexibility for your users to pay over time in installments.
Starting at 5.99% + 30¢ for Klarna
See more payment methods
3D Secure authentication
3D Secure is an authentication method used to verify a customer's identity before an online card purchase.
Included 3¢ per 3D Secure attempt for accounts with custom pricing.
Card account updater
Automatically update expired or renewed card information for saved customers.
Included 25¢ per update for accounts with custom pricing.
Learn more
Adaptive Acceptance
Machine learning models that help increase revenue for your business by improving authorization rates in real-time.
Included 0.08% per successful card charge for accounts with custom pricing
Learn more
Network tokens
Secure payment credentials that help increase revenue and improve the customer experience.
Included 15¢ per token provisioned for accounts with custom interchange pricing
Associated network fees may apply
Learn more
Instant payouts
In addition to our standard free payout options
Instant Payouts lets you access funds within minutes using an eligible debit card or bank account, right from the Dashboard.
1.5% of Instant Payouts volume
Minimum fee of 50¢
Pricing differs for Connect users.
Learn more
Disputes
Disputed payments (also known as chargebacks) on card transactions.
$15.00 per dispute.
Fighting rare dispute types may incur network fees.
Learn more
Smart Disputes
Automatically compiles and submits evidence to fight eligible disputes for you using Stripe’s AI ( public preview
)
Sign up
for the waitlist.
30% of the disputed amount won using Smart Disputes
Learn more
Vault and Forward API
Tokenize and store card details in Stripe's PCI-compliant vault and route payment requests to other processors.
Custom pricing Contact your Stripe representative or Stripe support
.
Learn more
Adaptive Pricing
Present prices in local currencies to your customers globally to increase revenue and improve your customer experience.
Included Customers will be presented a conversion fee starting at 2%
Learn more
Custom pricing available for companies with large payments volume, high value transactions, or unique business models.
Accept one-time and recurring payments
20+ payment methods, 30+ languages, 135+ currencies
Built-in conversion optimizations
Customize with your branding
Included No Checkout-specific fees
Custom domain
Use your own domain while hosting your payments page or customer portal on Stripe.
$10.00 per month
Learn more
Post-payment invoices
Generate an invoice to provide proof of transaction for your customers after a one-time purchase.
0.4% on transaction total
$2.00 cap per invoice
See pricing details
Generate links directly from the Dashboard, no coding necessary
Share across any channel and with multiple customers
Sell products, services, or collect a donation
Customize with your branding
Included No Payment Links-specific fees
Custom domain
Use your own domain while hosting your payments page or customer portal on Stripe.
$10.00 per month
Learn more
Post-payment invoices
Generate an invoice to provide proof of transaction for your customers after a one-time purchase.
0.4% on transaction total
$2.00 cap per invoice
See pricing details
Hosted or embedded onboarding and verification
International support in 46+ countries
Stripe Dashboard or embedded components for sellers
Dynamic risk-based KYC/AML checks
Platform management and risk tools
Control payout timing and funds flows
Automate 1099 generation and delivery
Monetize fees on each transaction
Included 0.25% starting fee for platforms that deploy their own payments pricing to earn revenue on each transaction.
See pricing details
Configure flexible pricing models, including subscriptions, seat-based, and usage-based billing
Collect and retain more revenue with smart recovery tools
Enable customers to self-manage plans with a prebuilt customer portal
Automate billing logic and order flows
Pay monthly Starting at $620.00 per month, 1-year contract
Subscription and cancellation terms apply
.
Pay as you go 0.7% of Billing volume
Includes Billing transactions processed on and off Stripe. Excludes one-off invoices.
Compare plans
Custom pricing available for companies with large payments volume, high-value transactions, or unique business models.
Create, customize, and send online invoices that get paid fast
Monitor invoice statuses and easily collect unpaid invoices
Automatically reconcile incoming payments with outstanding invoices
Get started in a few clicks with no-code options
0.4% per paid invoice
See pricing details
Global tax calculation, collection, and reporting
Integrate with no-code or API setup
Monitor volume to state or country tax thresholds
Calculate tax on 600+ types of products and services
Automatically collect tax in all US states and 60+ countries
Easily file and remit with summarized reports, or use our global partners to manage filing for you. Filing with a partner is not included in Stripe Tax price; additional fees may apply
Pay monthly Starting at $90.00 per month, 1-year contract
Subscription and cancellation terms apply
.
Pay as you go No-code integration 0.5% per transaction, where you’re registered to collect taxes
Taxes calculated and collected on Billing, Checkout, Invoicing, and Payment Links integrations. Learn more
.
API integration 50¢ per transaction, where you’re registered to collect taxes
Taxes on transactions created through Stripe’s payment APIs or any payment processor. Each transaction includes 10 calculation API calls. 5¢ per calculation API call above 10. Learn more
.
Compare plans
Registrations
Let Stripe manage your US registrations
Included Pricing is subject to change without notice. This offer may be extended or modified at our discretion. Additional fees may apply, including those imposed by a state.
See pricing details
Custom pricing available for companies with large payments volume, high value transactions, or unique business models.
Prepare for audits by tracing revenue amounts down to customers and transactions
Gain a comprehensive view of all your revenue, including imported data
Set custom rules to fit your accounting practices
Helps you stay compliant with ASC 606 and IFRS 15
0.25% of volume
See pricing details
Built into Stripe–no third-party integration needed
Automatically receive your Stripe data and reports in Snowflake or Redshift
Historical Stripe data included at no additional cost
Ongoing data refresh
3¢ per transaction
See pricing details
Instant answers powered by SQL
Dozens of prebuilt query templates
Save and schedule custom reports
Built into Stripe—no setup, no ETLs
Starting at $10.00 per month, infrastructure fee
Plus a fee per charge starting at + 2¢
See pricing details
Radar’s machine learning
Fraud protection powered by billions of data points across the Stripe network.
Powerful machine learning
SCA logic for exemptions
Always adapting to new fraud patterns
Device fingerprinting and proxy detection
5¢ per screened transaction
Waived for accounts with standard pricing
Radar for Fraud Teams
Includes Radar’s machine learning and advanced fraud protection tools for professionals who need greater control and customizable settings.
Powerful machine learning
SCA logic for exemptions
Always adapting to new fraud patterns
Device fingerprinting and proxy detection
Block and allow lists
Rules engine to customize protection
Rich insights for better decisions
Optimized manual review flows
7¢ per screened transaction
2¢ for accounts with standard pricing
ID document and selfie verification
Capture and verify the authenticity of global ID documents, and use biometric verification to match ID photos with selfies of the document holder.
Support IDs from over 100 countries
Biometric ID photo verification
Hosted verification experience
Access extracted data & captured images
$1.50 per verification
Charged when a user completes verification. Learn more
ID number lookup
Allow users to key-in name, date of birth, and local government ID number. Validate against government and 3rd-party databases. Currently only available for US social security numbers.
50¢ per lookup
Instant bank account verifications
Retrieve tokenized account numbers to instantly verify bank accounts for ACH Direct Debit, payouts, and other types of money movement.
$1.50 per successful instant verification
Micro-deposit verifications are free
Balances
Retrieve account balances for underwriting, financial management, or preventing payment failures due to insufficient funds.
10¢ per successful API call
Account owners
Verify bank account ownership to minimize fraud when making payouts or accepting payments.
$1.50 per successful API call
Transactions
Subscribe to an automatically updated feed of account transactions.
30¢ per institution per account holder per month
Custom pricing is available for companies with a high volume of API calls or unique business models.
In-person card processing
Accept in-person payments, including credit cards, debit cards and digital wallets.
Unify online and in-person payments
Scale globally with one integration
Customize your payment experience
Streamline reporting
2.7% + 5¢ per successful charge for domestic cards
+ 1.5% for international cards
+ 10¢ per authorization for Tap to Pay
Accept contactless payments without additional hardware using compatible iPhone or Android devices.
+ 5¢ per authorization for optional point-to-point-encryption
Access PCI-certified point-to-point-encryption (P2PE) required in certain industries. All Terminal transactions are end-to-end encrypted by default.
Card readers
Pre-certified card readers with cloud-based fleet management to streamline device fulfillment and logistics at scale.
$349.00 Stripe Reader S700
$59.00 Stripe Reader M2
$249.00 BBPOS WisePOS E
Custom pricing is available for companies with large payments volume, or for those who require multiprocessor support, POS integrations, or third-party credit card readers.
Form an LLC or C Corporation in days
Open a U.S. bank account
Issue stock to C Corporation founders
Access to invite-only founder forums
One-time $500.00 + ongoing costs of running a company
See pricing details
Card creation
Create and issue cards instantly and get branded physical cards shipped in just two days.
Branded card designs
Multiple shipping options
Issue cards through Connect
Push provisioning to digital wallets
10¢ per virtual card
$3.50 per standard, physical card
Custom cards subject to additional pricing. Shipping rates not included.
Learn more
Disputes
Dispute transactions on issued cards.
$15.00 per dispute*
*Exclusions apply, subject to applicable Law. Connect users may not pass dispute fees to Connected Accounts.
International payments
Additional fees required for international cards and currency conversion.
1% + 30¢ for cross-border transactions.
+ 1% if currency conversion is required
If you’re a business with a large transaction volume or unique business model, reach out to discuss custom economics and interchange revenue sharing.
Commitments
Direct a fraction of your revenue to help early-stage carbon removal companies get out of the lab and into the field
Use the Dashboard to get started in just a few clicks and monitor your impact over time
Customize and publish a webpage dedicated to your commitment without writing a line of code
Included No Stripe Climate-specific fees
Orders
Buy carbon removal through the Dashboard or via the API
Buy the Frontier offtake portfolio to support a range of carbon removal technologies or from individual suppliers
Track the full order lifecycle and receive a certificate upon delivery
3% Portfolio
5% Individual suppliers
See inventory details
If you’re a business with a large payments volume or unique business model, reach out
to discuss alternative pricing options. Our teams will review your current statements and can help design a customized pricing package.
How long do payouts take?
Payout speed varies per country, but your Stripe balance is typically available for payout between 2 to 7 business days. In supported countries, your default payout schedule is daily automatic, that is, your Stripe balance would be paid out daily once available for payout. You can also opt to receive payouts weekly or monthly.
Read more
Will I be charged tax?
Stripe is required to charge tax on certain products and services. Tax is charged based on your location and/ or your business/ tax status, which determines whether a product or service is subject to taxes, and the applicable tax rates.
Read more
Are there additional fees for refunds?
For businesses on IC+ pricing: Depending on your fee schedule with Stripe, there may be some fees for issuing refunds.
For all other businesses: There may be fees when bank transfers are used. If applicable, these will be listed on our website
For all other payment methods, there are no fees for issuing refunds. The payment processing, connect and currency conversion fees from the original charge are not returned.
Access a complete payments platform with simple, pay-as-you-go pricing, or contact us to design a custom package specifically for your business.
From startups to Fortune 500s, explore how millions of businesses use Stripe to start and scale their companies.
Start building your integration and accept your first payment in minutes. Stripe libraries are available in every language from Ruby to Go.
Start now
Contact sales
