If you encounter issues, please disable your ad blocker.
Copy wordmark as SVG
Brand guidelines
Product
Analysis
Scale
Developer
Integrations
Security & Privacy
Dev Docs
Help Docs
Community
Customers
Events
Slack
Expert Directory
Company
Blog
Become a Partner
We're Hiring!
Pricing
Log In
Get Started
Starter
Essentials to find product-market fit
It's free
Up to 20M monthly events
Get Started
Access to:
All core reports for user journey analysis
Templates to get started quickly
Unlimited integrations
Unlimited collaborators
Growth
More answers for more people
$20+ per month
Up to 100M monthly events
Build Your Plan
All features in Starter, plus:
Unlimited saved reports to monitor, update & iterate on KPIs
Mixpanel Modeling Layer
Group Analytics & Data Pipelines add-ons
Enterprise
Empower teams in large organizations
$833+ per month
5M-100M+ monthly events
Build Your Plan
Everything in Growth, plus:
Advanced access controls
Shared Data Views for collaboration
Automated provisioning & SSO
Prioritized support
View all Features
Grow your early stage startup
Startups that are less than 5 years old with up to $8M USD in total funding receive $50,000 in credits towards the Mixpanel Growth or Enterprise plans
Learn More
It's free Starter
Get Started
Starting at $20/mo Growth
Build Your Plan
Starting at $833/mo Enterprise
Build Your Plan
Analytics
Core reports
Insights View event frequencies as trend lines or bars and apply formulas
Flows Identify top user paths and drop-off points
Funnels Understand user conversion across any funnel
Retention Analyze user retention and usage frequency
Cohorts Create cohorts and inspect user profiles
Limited You can create cohorts but not save them
Advanced analysis
Limited
Impact Determine the impact of a new feature by comparing behavior before and after launch
Find interesting segments Automatically surface statistically significant user groups and their impact on your conversion and retention rates
Experiments Analyze how experiments affect metrics across your key dashboards
Signal Uncover insights by finding correlations between user actions
Query-time data modeling Transform and enrich data at query time without engineering resources
Limited
Statistical operators for events and properties Find averages, medians, or sums of properties on a total or per user basis
Behavioral frequency analysis Bucket users based on their in-product behavior
Custom sessions Customize your session definition based on user inactivity
Custom events Combine multiple events and filters to query them at once
Custom properties Transform data with Excel-like formulas to power ad-hoc analysis
Limited You can create custom properties but not reuse them across reports
Lookup tables Enrich data in seconds by uploading a CSV list of properties
Limited Mapped properties won't be saved outside your report
Monitoring and alerts
Live events Monitor a real-time event stream of user activity
Custom dashboards for web and TV Have your metrics up on a big screen in your office to share data with colleagues across your company
Email digests Schedule email updates on core metrics with key internal and external stakeholders
Alerts Create alerts to get immediate notifications when metrics spike or dip unexpectedly
Group Analytics Measure KPIs at the account or
company level. B2B companies can
use this add-on to prevent churn and
discover upsell opportunities based
on the group-level product usage.
Add-on Add-ons are available for an extra
fee with paid plans.
Add-on Add-ons are available for an extra
fee with paid plans.
Data Collection, Exports and Integrations
Data collection/tracking
Mixpanel SDKs for real-time tracking
Identity management Merge across sessions, devices and platforms
Data imports
Import API Import historical data
Schemas API Import metadata like event and property definitions
Cloud ingestion Import from warehouses like GCP, AWS, and Snowflake
Data exports
Limited
Report exports Download reports as CSV, PNG, or PDF files
Raw data export API
Formatted API export Export report results to JSON or CSV
Automated data export (via data pipelines add-on)
GCP, AWS, Snowflake
Integrations
A/B testing and experimentation tools Analyze the effect of experiments on product usage by merging data using tools like Optimizely, Apptimize, and VWO
Advertising platforms Send targeted advertising with tools like Facebook Ads and Google Adwords
Attribution Sync your attribution data from tools like Appsflyer, Adjust, and Branch
Customer data platforms Unify data across all your platforms with CDPs like Segment, Mparticle, and Tealium
Data governance Stick to your tracking plan and ensure data accuracy with tools like Avo and Iteratively
Product tours and onboarding Create effective product guides using tools like Chameleon and Appcues
Messaging Send tailored multi-channel messages using tools like Braze, Airship, and Iterable
Data pipeline With this add-on, you can spend less time
cleaning and preparing your data, and
export events and user profiles created in
Mixpanel to your cloud storage for custom
analysis.
Add-on Add-ons are available for an extra
fee with paid plans.
Add-on Add-ons are available for an extra
fee with paid plans.
Data Governance
Lexicon Define, manage, and update your data dictionary
Data dictionary Add definitions to share context throughout Mixpanel
Data management Hide events and properties
Access controls and permissions
Limited
Project roles & permissions Manage project level roles and permissions
Entity sharing and permissions controls Share and manage permissions for reports, custom events, cohorts, and more
Private reports Create reports that are visible only to you
Data views Apply global filters to create data subsets that exclude irrelevant data points from analysis
Sensitive data classification Mark events and properties as sensitive and manage who can query them
Security and Privacy
Two-factor authentication
Support for US or EU data residency Can be enabled during project creation; not enabled by default
Free
SAML-based single sign-on (SSO)
Compliance
GDPR compliant Data deletion and export tooling, GDPR compliant Data Processing Addendum; GDPR compliant data transfers
Native SOC 2 type II compliant
CCPA compliant processing
Customizable data retention policy Automatic delayed deletion of data after ingestion
Default 5 years
Custom
Tools to help with HIPAA compliant processing Including BAAs
Pricing and Usage
Saved reports
5 per seat
Unlimited
Data history
Unlimited
Unlimited Customizable
Custom pricing
Limited
Accommodations for seasonal traffic Mixpanel will smooth out your annual event count to soften the impact of seasonal increase
Limited
MTU based pricing
Limited
Customer Support and Success
Mixpanel community membership Share your ideas with the Mixpanel team, and ask questions to other data professionals on the Mixpanel community Slack channel
Email support
Weekdays 12am-5pm PT
Customer Success Manager (CSM)
Onboarding and Adoption assistance
Early access to betas
Live chat and faster response SLAs
Available as add-on
What is an event?
Events represent interactions between a user and your product. Think about events that you want to measure and understand. Is it a purchase? Video views? Friend requests? The first step is to send that data to Mixpanel. Our flexible data model lets you bring in events easily by connecting Mixpanel to your CDP, data warehouse, or in-house data pipelines. You can also install a Mixpanel SDK.
Events-based pricing calculates the cost based on the number of events across all projects in each period. For eligible plans, you can choose to purchase monthly or annually.
How can I estimate my event volume?
It depends on your number of active users and the number of events (interactions) a typical active user performs in your product every month (or year). These interactions include client-side engagement events (e.g., search, purchase, video view), server-side events (e.g., sign up, account upgrade), and messaging events (e.g., email sent, email opened, etc.). We encourage new customers to get started on the Starter plan and then upgrade once they have an estimate of their volume.
What if I go over my prepaid amount?
Once you’ve finished using your prepaid amount of events, you’ll be charged our regular monthly rate for each additional event tracked that month.
Volume discounts are baked in. You can save money by giving your company room to grow!
We’re a startup. Do you have any discounts?
We have the most generous Starter plan in the market (20M events) and extensive additional benefits for eligible startups, including up to $50,000 in credits towards any paid plan and exclusive access to our startup community. Learn more
Ready to get started?
Simple and powerful analytics that helps everyone make better decisions.
Contact Sales
Product
Analysis
Scale
Developer
Integrations
Security & Privacy
Dev Docs
Help Docs
Pricing
Community
Customers
Events
Slack
Expert Directory
Company
Blog
Become a Partner
Contact Sales
Contact Support
👋 We’re Hiring
©2023 Mixpanel. All rights reserved
Privacy Program
Legal
Security
Your Privacy Rights
Make the switch to the new Free Plan
Our new Free Plan offers up to 20 million events, all our core analytics features, and unlimited data history.
However, you will no longer have access to the Signal, Impact, or Experiments reports. Additionally, you will only be able to create temporary cohorts and will be limited to 5 saved reports per user.
Learn more about the new Free Plan!
Our new Free Plan offers up to 100,000 monthly tracked users (up to 100,000,000 events), all our core analytics features, and unlimited data history.
However, you will no longer have access to the Signal, Impact, or Experiments reports. Additionally, you will only be able to create temporary cohorts and will be limited to 5 saved reports per user.
