If you encounter issues, please disable your ad blocker.
Free
Essentials to find product-market fit
It's free
Up to 20M events/month
Get Started
Access to:
All core reports for user journey analysis
Metrics in minutes with templates
Unlimited collaborators
Unlimited integrations
US or EU data residency
Mixpanel Community
Growth
Faster, deeper analysis
Starting at $20
Up to 100M events/month
Build Your Plan
All features in Free, plus:
Unlimited saved reports to monitor, update & iterate on KPIs
Unlimited saved cohorts for deeper behavioral analysis
Mixpanel Modeling Layer
Legendary email support
Group Analytics & Data Pipelines add-ons
Enterprise
For large teams working together
Starting at $833
5M-100B+ events/month
Build Your Plan
Everything in Growth, plus:
Granular access & privacy controls
Data views for team-based collaboration
Onboard users with automated provisioning & SSO
Personalized customer success to improve data fluency across all teams
Priority support SLAs
View all Features
Grow your early stage startup
Startups that are less than 5 years old with up to $8M in total funding receive $50,000 in credits towards any paid plan.
Learn More
It's free Free
Get Started
Starting at $20/mo Growth
Build Your Plan
Starting at $833/mo Enterprise
Build Your Plan
Analytics
Core reports
Insights View event frequencies as trend lines or bars and apply formulas
Flows Identify top user paths and drop-off points
Funnels Understand user conversion across any funnel
Retention Analyze user retention and usage frequency
Cohorts Create cohorts and inspect user profiles
Limited You can create cohorts but not save them
Advanced analysis
Limited
Impact Determine the impact of a new feature by comparing behavior before and after launch
Find interesting segments Automatically surface statistically significant user groups and their impact on your conversion and retention rates
Experiments Analyze how experiments affect metrics across your key dashboards
Signal Uncover insights by finding correlations between user actions
Query-time data modeling Transform and enrich data at query time without engineering resources
Limited
Statistical operators for events and properties Find averages, medians, or sums of properties on a total or per user basis
Behavioral frequency analysis Bucket users based on their in-product behavior
Custom sessions Customize your session definition based on user inactivity
Custom events Combine multiple events and filters to query them at once
Custom properties Transform data with Excel-like formulas to power ad-hoc analysis
Limited You can create custom properties but not reuse them across reports
Lookup tables Enrich data in seconds by uploading a CSV list of properties
Limited Mapped properties won't be saved outside your report
Monitoring and alerts
Live events Monitor a real-time event stream of user activity
Custom dashboards for web and TV Have your metrics up on a big screen in your office to share data with colleagues across your company
Email digests Schedule email updates on core metrics with key internal and external stakeholders
Alerts Create alerts to get immediate notifications when metrics spike or dip unexpectedly
Data Collection, Exports and Integrations
Data collection/tracking
Mixpanel SDKs for real-time tracking
Identity management Merge across sessions, devices and platforms
Data imports
Import API Import historical data
Schemas API Import metadata like event and property definitions
Cloud ingestion Import from warehouses like GCP, AWS, and Snowflake
Data exports
Limited
Report exports Download reports as CSV, PNG, or PDF files
Raw data export API
Formatted API export Export report results to JSON or CSV
Automated data export (via data pipelines add-on)
GCP, AWS, Snowflake
Integrations
A/B testing and experimentation tools Analyze the effect of experiments on product usage by merging data using tools like Optimizely, Apptimize, and VWO
Advertising platforms Send targeted advertising with tools like Facebook Ads and Google Adwords
Attribution Sync your attribution data from tools like Appsflyer, Adjust, and Branch
Customer data platforms Unify data across all your platforms with CDPs like Segment, Mparticle, and Tealium
Data governance Stick to your tracking plan and ensure data accuracy with tools like Avo and Iteratively
Product tours and onboarding Create effective product guides using tools like Chameleon and Appcues
Messaging Send tailored multi-channel messages using tools like Braze, Airship, and Iterable
Data Governance
Lexicon Define, manage, and update your data dictionary
Data dictionary Add definitions to share context throughout Mixpanel
Data management Hide events and properties
Access controls and permissions
Limited
Project roles & permissions Manage project level roles and permissions
Entity sharing and permissions controls Share and manage permissions for reports, custom events, cohorts, and more
Private reports Create reports that are visible only to you
Data views Apply global filters to create data subsets that exclude irrelevant data points from analysis
Sensitive data classification Mark events and properties as sensitive and manage who can query them
Security and Privacy
Two-factor authentication
Support for US or EU data residency Can be enabled during project creation; not enabled by default
Free
SAML-based single sign-on (SSO)
Compliance
GDPR compliant Data deletion and export tooling, GDPR compliant Data Processing Addendum; GDPR compliant data transfers
Native SOC 2 type II compliant
CCPA compliant processing
Customizable data retention policy Automatic delayed deletion of data after ingestion
Default 5 years
Custom
Tools to help with HIPAA compliant processing Including BAAs
Pricing and Usage
Saved reports
5 per seat
Unlimited
Data history
Unlimited
Unlimited Customizable
Custom pricing
Limited
Accommodations for seasonal traffic Mixpanel will smooth out your annual event count to soften the impact of seasonal increase
Limited
Customer Support and Success
Mixpanel community membership Share your ideas with the Mixpanel team, and ask questions to other data professionals on the Mixpanel community Slack channel
Email support
Weekdays 12am-5pm PT
Customer Success Manager (CSM)
Onboarding and Adoption assistance
Early access to betas
Live chat and faster response SLAs
Available as add-on
ADD-ons Customize your plan with additional features
Add-ons give you access to more Mixpanel features and are priced as a percentage of your base plan. Only available with Growth and Enterprise.
Data Pipelines
Keep your data in sync across your entire stack by exporting Mixpanel data to your data warehouses and storage, like Redshift Spectrum, Snowflake, BigQuery, and Azure.
See how
Group Analytics
Group Analytics lets you calculate metrics at the account or company level, like product adoption, active usage, and retention. This add-on is popular with B2B SaaS companies looking to understand their customers’ usage patterns to drive upsell and prevent churn.
See how
What is an event?
Events represent interactions between a user and your product. Think about events that you want to measure and understand. Is it a purchase? Video views? Friend requests? The first step is to send that data to Mixpanel. Our flexible data model lets you bring in events easily by connecting Mixpanel to your CDP, data warehouse, or in-house data pipelines. You can also install a Mixpanel SDK.
Events-based pricing calculates the cost based on the number of events across all projects in each period. For eligible plans, you can choose to purchase monthly or annually.
How can I estimate my event volume?
It depends on your number of active users and the number of events (interactions) a typical active user performs in your product every month (or year). These interactions include client-side engagement events (e.g., search, purchase, video view), server-side events (e.g., sign up, account upgrade), and messaging events (e.g., email sent, email opened, etc.). We encourage new customers to get started on the free plan and then upgrade once they have an estimate of their volume.
What if I go over my prepaid amount?
Once you’ve finished using your prepaid amount of events, you’ll be charged our regular monthly rate for each additional event tracked that month.
Volume discounts are baked in. You can save money by giving your company room to grow!
We’re a startup. Do you have any discounts?
We have the most generous Free plan in the market (20M events) and extensive additional benefits for eligible startups, including up to $50,000 in credits towards any paid plan and exclusive access to our startup community. Learn more
Ready to get started?
Powerful self-serve product analytics to help you convert, engage, and retain more users.
Get Demo
Contact Sales
Make the switch to the new Free Plan
Our new Free Plan offers up to 20 million events, all our core analytics features, and unlimited data history.
However, you will no longer have access to the Signal, Impact, or Experiments reports. Additionally, you will only be able to create temporary cohorts and will be limited to 5 saved reports per user.
Learn more about the new Free Plan!
Our new Free Plan offers up to 100,000 monthly tracked users (up to 100,000,000 events), all our core analytics features, and unlimited data history.
However, you will no longer have access to the Signal, Impact, or Experiments reports. Additionally, you will only be able to create temporary cohorts and will be limited to 5 saved reports per user.
