Close
Menu
B2 Cloud Storage
>
Overview
Security
Pricing
Integrations
Customer Stories
Sign Up
Contact Sales
Compute
LTO Replacement
Server Backup
Reserve Capacity Storage
NAS Backup
Media Workflow
Developers
Content Delivery
Ransom Readiness
Cloud Storage
That’s Astonishingly
Affordable
No hidden fees, no delete penalties.
Try It Free
B2 Cloud Storage Pricing Is…
Straightforward
Always-hot storage free of complicated pricing tiers.
Honest
No delete penalties spun as “minimum storage duration."
Flexible
Consumption or capacity based for how you budget.
Consumption-Based Rate Comparison
See how Backblaze B2 pricing gives real value at ⅕ the rates of AWS S3.
Provider
Storage
($/GB/Month)
Download
($/GB)
$0.005
$0.01*
$0.026
+420%
$0.09
+800%
$0.0208
+316%
$0.08
+700%
$0.023
+360%
$0.11
+1000%
*Download fees for cloud replication of files across regions is free.
Cloud Storage Cost and Savings Calculator
Compare how $5/TB/month stacks up.
(Isn't math fun when it reveals how your budget could work harder?)
Total Data Stored
TB
Monthly Downloads
TB
Yes
No
I want $0 downloads with CDN and Compute partners
$50,000/yr
Every scenario is a little different, and this calculator uses competitive providers’ published rates for high storage tiers in low cost regions — results viewed here are estimates that require further diligence on your part.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Get Started—10GB Free
Capacity-Based Rate Comparison
Lock down more value with B2 Reserve bundles with all-inclusive pricing.
Provider
Storage
(MSRP for 250TB–1 Year)
Download
($/GB)
$19,500*
$0
$75,600
$0.05
$52,395
$0
$69,000
$0.08
*All costs included—no additional cost for egress or transaction fees, no delete penalties, initial migration to B2 Reserve free, plus Tera Support included.
Contact Sales
Our Pricing Has Nothing to Hide
Here are all the details you need on our consumption-based pricing.
Storage
$0.005/GB/Month
Data stored with Backblaze is calculated hourly, with no minimum retention requirement, and billed monthly. The first 10GB of storage is free.
Download
$0.01/GB
Charged when you download files. Charged for any portion of a GB. The first 1GB of data downloaded each day is free. Cloud replication download of files across regions is free. Downloads through most CDN and Compute partners are also free.
Transactions
Class “A” transactions: Free.
Class “B” transactions: $0.004 per 10,000 with 2,500 free per day.
Class “C” transactions: $0.004 per 1,000 with 2,500 free per day.
View Transactions by API Call
Data by Mail
Mail us your data on a Backblaze B2 Fireball
$550.
Backblaze will FedEx you a Snapshot of your data, you can return the drive for a refund.
USB Hard Drive – up to 8TB of data: $189.
Product Support
All B2 Cloud Storage active account owners can contact Backblaze support at help.backblaze.com
where they will also find a free-to-use knowledge base of B2 Cloud Storage advice, guides, and more. In addition, a Backblaze B2 user can pay to upgrade their support plan
to include phone service, 24x7 support and more.
Everything Else
Free
Unlike other services, you won't be nickeled and dimed with upload fees, file deletion charges, minimum files size requirements, download of cloud replication files across regions, and more. Everything you can possibly pay Backblaze is listed above.
FAQ
How does Backblaze compare to Amazon S3 in pricing?
Backblaze pricing is a fraction the cost of Amazon S3 for storage and egress. Backalze also offers always-hot storage at cold storage rates, whereas Amazon pricing depends on variables including storage tier, amount stored, and region. More information on pricing can be found here
.
How does Backblaze pricing work?
Backblaze offers two buying options for Backblaze B2 at a fraction of the price of other cloud storage providers: Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage pricing is flexible, scalable, on-demand cloud storage at $5/TB/month with no tiers and variance by region, no minimum file size or minimum storage duration, and downloads are $0.01/GB, and free to many CDN and compute partners. Backblaze B2 Reserve offers budget predictability with capacity bundles starting at 20TB+ for $1560/year with egress and API calls
What support do you offer and how much does it cost?
Backblaze provides all customers with free email support by real humans during Pacific Time business hours (9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific). We also offer premium support options
for an additional fee to B2 Cloud Storage customers seeking expanded coverage, up to 24/7 coverage. Backblaze B2 Reserve all-inclusive pricing includes Tera support with a four business-hour response time SLA.
Setting up my current cloud storage environment took a lot of work. What’s involved in migrating to Backblaze and how much does this cost?
Backblaze’s Universal Data Migration
service is designed to move your data from any source to B2 Cloud Storage, with ease. It supports data movement in from virtually any origin: public cloud, server, NAS, SAN, tape, and cloud drives. Backblaze covers all data transfer and legacy provider egress fees for migrations >50TB committed contracts and all sizes of B2 Reserve bundles.
Why does Backblaze charge for egress when some other companies do not?
Backblaze charges a modest egress fee to help cover costs for B2 Cloud Storage. You’ll find this fee per gigabyte downloaded is a fraction the amount that most providers charge, plus downloads via many integrated CDN and compute partners, including Fastly and Vultr, are free. There are no charges for egress with Backblaze B2 Reserve. Meanwhile, some providers claim to offer free egress with this egress limited based on the amount of data stored, so we advise due diligence during exploration.
B2 Cloud Storage
High-performance, S3-compatible cloud storage, purpose built to provide simplicity, reliability, and affordability.
B2 Cloud Storage is the scaleable, proven, secure solution for your cloud storage needs that is just a fraction the rates of other cloud providers. Let us know how we can help you.
Get Support
B2 Cloud Storage Sales Contact
Prefer to Get Started Now? Click Here.
BzWww-B2ContactSales
firstName-R,lastName-R,company-R,email-R,phone,storageSize,message
Submit Form
a9fb47a5-a39a-45bb-8ef2-f467c08ac3e3
5e15cfa5-79e3-4e08-b675-a26bb26b928b
true
By submitting this form, you are agreeing to be contacted by Backblaze Sales and to receive our Business Newsletter via email. You can unsubscribe from the Newsletter, if desired.
Want to run a free proof of concept for more than 50TB?
Contact Sales
Backblaze
A Publicly Traded Company ( BLZE
)
Company
Contact
Terms & Privacy
© 2023
