Blaze Forward with AI: Tech Day '24 on Sept. 24. Live talks, swag & more.
Register Free
Always-Hot Cloud Storage.
1/5 the Cost of AWS S3.
Stop paying for slow-downs, egress limits, and storage duration minimums. Backblaze B2 gives you performance with predictable pricing and 3x egress free.
Pay-As-You-Go
$6
per TB/mo.
100% flexibility for Opex needs
Scale up or down as needed
Billed precisely to the byte hour
Start Free
B2 Reserve
Starts at
$1,560
per 20TB/yr.
100% consistency for Capex needs
Subsidized data migration and premium support
Volume and term discounts available
Get Quote
Learn More
B2 Cloud Storage Pricing is...
Straightforward
Always-hot storage free of complicated pricing tiers.
Honest
No delete penalties spun as “minimum storage duration.”
Flexible
Consumption or Capacity based for how you budget.
Buy Your Way, Always Know What You’ll Pay
Pay as you go
B2 Reserve
100% flexibility for Opex needs
Scale up or down as needed
Credit card payment available
Storage
(TB/month)
$ 6
$26
$20
$23
Egress
($/GB)
Free*
$0.09
$0.08
$0.11
*Up to 3x of average monthly data stored, then $0.01/GB for additional egress
This chart features published rates for the U.S. West region. Backblaze competitors’ rates can vary by region, amount stored, and other factors. View API call rate details here
.
100% consistency for CapEx needs
Starts at 20TB
Includes data migration and premium support
Storage
(250TB/year)
$19,500
$75,600
$52,395
$69,000
Egress
($/GB)
$0*
$0.06
$0.05
$0.08
*Up to 3x of average monthly data stored, then $0.01/GB for additional egress
This chart features published rates for the U.S. West region. Backblaze competitors’ rates can vary by region, amount stored, and other factors. View API call rate details here
.
Cloud Storage Cost and Savings Calculator
Total Data Stored
TB
Monthly Downloads
TB
$25,000/yr
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Start Free
Contact Sales
Learn More about B2 Reserve
Our Pricing Models Have Nothing to Hide
Fundamentals
Pay-As-You-Go
B2 Reserve
Always-hot object storage
First 10GB storage is always free.
Free 3x monthly egress
Egress above 3x monthly average storage is also free through many CDN and compute partners; otherwise, overage is billed at $0.01 per GB.
No minimum file size fees
Type image caption here (optional)
No minimum storage duration fees
Type image caption here (optional)
Free API calls
Class A calls incl. PutObject and DeleteBucket are free. Class B calls incl. GetObject and HeadObject are free up to 2,500 calls/day; additional are $0.0004 per 1,000 calls/day. Class C calls incl. CopyObject and ListBuckets are free up to 2,500 calls/day; additional are $0.004 per 1,000 calls/day. More details
.
Type image caption here (optional)
Support
Pay-As-You-Go
B2 Reserve
Implementation Support
Add-on
Type image caption here (optional)
Premium Support
Add-on
Type image caption here (optional)
Universal Data Migration
50TB+ committed contracts
Type image caption here (optional)
Payment
Pay-As-You-Go
B2 Reserve
Billing term
Monthly
Annual from 1-5 years
Billing timing
Monthly
Contract Start
Method
Credit card or invoice
Invoice
$15K
Saved Per Month
From a cost of goods sold perspective, AWS pricing wasn’t a great fit. Backblaze was a drop-in API replacement with a much better cost structure—it was just a no-brainer.
Rory Petty
Co-Founder & CTO, Tribute
Read the Customer Story
How Backblaze Built High Performance for Low Cost
Specialized Focus
Backblaze focuses on hot object storage for top use cases, not pricey bells and whistles for outlier needs.
Innovative Design
Backblaze innovated on commodity hardware with intelligent software for high performance without high cost.
Scaled Infastructure
Backblaze plans, buys, codes, and operates our storage cloud for cost efficiencies at exabyte scale.
Start Free
Contact Sales
FAQ
How can I get unlimited free egress?
Want more than 3x free egress? You’ll be pleased to know that you can enjoy unlimited free egress when downloading from Backblaze B2 to/through many of our CDN and compute partners. Partners supported for unlimited free egress: Fastly, Cloudflare, Bunny.net, CacheFly, Coreweave, Equinix Metal, Vultr, and phoenixNAP.
How does Backblaze's 3x free egress work?
All Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage users enjoy free data egress (also known as download) up to 3x their average monthly storage amount. The monthly average is determined based on byte hours over the billing cycle, with total egress up to 3x the average provided free; any monthly egress overage is priced at $0.01/GB.
How accurate are your rate comparisons?
The comparison charts are accurate based on published rates and select assumptions at the time of the publication. Of course, every business’ scenario is a little different so it is wise of you to apply further diligence based on your data set, workflow, and needs.
Which is better for me—getting B2 Cloud Storage service pay-as-you-go or in an annual capacity bundle?
Both services run on the same highly performant platform. Which is better for you will depend on how you wish to operate. Companies often choose pay-as-you-go when they want to scale up or down as needed, they want monthly billing to correlate precisely to service consumption, or they don’t wish to start with 20TB or more. Companies often choose our B2 Reserve annual capacity bundles when they want to buy through a preferred reseller or systems integrator or they seek to budget the exact same am
How can Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage be priced at a fraction of the cost others charge?
Backblaze B2 is built for affordable performance. We focus on delivering always-hot service for top use cases, rather than adding expensive bells and whistles for outlier needs. We marry open source and commodity hardware with our intelligent software for high performance without high cost. And, we operate at exabyte scale for cost efficiencies.
B2 Cloud Storage
High-performance, S3-compatible cloud storage, purpose built to provide simplicity, reliability, and affordability.
B2 Cloud Storage is the scaleable, proven, secure solution for your cloud storage needs that is just a fraction the rates of other cloud providers. Let us know how we can help you.
B2 Cloud Storage Sales Contact
Prefer to Get Started Now? Click Here.
BzApp-B2CreateAccountPricing
firstName-R,lastName-R,company-R,email-R,phone,storageSize-R,message
Submit Form
e151c782-8e2c-42e2-8572-20b62567bd60
83e81d78-39b7-4645-b94d-bd07beec6caa
B2CreateAccountPricing
By submitting this form, you are agreeing to be contacted by Backblaze Sales and to receive our Business Newsletter via email. You can unsubscribe from the Newsletter, if desired.
A Publicly Traded Company (BLZE)
Backblaze © 2024
About Us
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers
Terms and Policies
Privacy
Contact
Staging secure is temporarily unavailable. Please check for any ongoing deploys. If none are in progress, contact the fullstack team for assistance. Click me to dismiss.
