B2 Cloud Storage Pricing
Always-Hot Cloud Storage.
1/5 the Cost of AWS S3.
Stop paying for slowdowns, egress limits, and storage duration minimums. Backblaze B2 gives you performance with predictable pricing and 3x egress free.
Pay-As-You-Go
$6
/TB/month
Start Free
100% flexibility for OpEx needs
Scale up or down as needed
Billed precisely to the byte hour
B2 Reserve
Starts at
$1,560
/20TB/year
Get Quote
Learn More
100% consistency for CapEx needs
Subsidized data migration and premium support
Volume and term discounts available
Buy your way, always know what you'll pay
Pay-As-You-Go
B2 Reserve
Storage
(TB/month)
$ 6
$26
$20
$23
Egress
($/GB)
Free*
$0.09
$0.08
$0.11
Storage
(250TB/year)
$19,500
$75,600
$52,395
$69,000
Egress
($/GB)
$0*
$0.06
$0.05
$0.08
Pay-As-You-Go cloud storage cost calculator
B2 Reserve cloud storage cost calculator
Total Data Stored
TB
Monthly Downloads
TB
$25,000/yr
*Up to 3x of average monthly data stored, then $0.01/GB for additional egress
This chart features published rates for the U.S. West region. Backblaze competitors’ rates can vary by region, amount stored, and other factors. View API call rate details here
.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Start Free
Contact Sales
Learn More About B2 Reserve
Our pricing models have nothing to hide
Pay-As-You-Go
B2 Reserve
Fundamentals
Always-hot object storage

Always-hot object storage
First 10GB storage is always free.

Free 3x monthly egress

Free 3x monthly egress
Egress above 3x monthly average storage is also free through many CDN and compute partners; otherwise, overage is billed at $0.01 per GB.

No minimum file size fees

No minimum storage duration fees

Free API calls

API calls are free for B2 Reserve customers. For pay-as-you-go customers, Class A calls are free, and Class B and C calls are free for the first 2,500/day/class, after which they are charged at $0.0004/1,000 calls/day and $0.004/1,000 calls/day, respectively. Click the link for details.

Support
Implementation support
Add-on

Premium support
Add-on

Universal Data Migration
50TB+ committed contracts

Payment
Billing term
Monthly
Annual from 1-5 years
Billing timing
Monthly
Contract start
Method
Credit card or invoice
Invoice
$15K
saved per month
“From a cost of goods sold perspective, AWS pricing wasn’t a great fit. Backblaze was a drop-in API replacement with a much better cost structure—it was just a no-brainer.”
Rory Petty
Co-Founder & CTO, Tribute
Read the customer story
How Backblaze built high performance for low cost

Specialized focus
Backblaze focuses on hot object storage for top use cases, not pricey bells and whistles for outlier needs.
CTA

Innovative design
Backblaze innovated on commodity hardware with intelligent software for high performance without high cost.
CTA

Scaled infastructure
Backblaze plans, buys, codes, and operates our storage cloud for cost efficiencies at exabyte scale.
CTA
Start free
Contact Sales
FAQ
How can I get unlimited free egress?
Want more than 3x free egress? You’ll be pleased to know that you can enjoy unlimited free egress when downloading from Backblaze B2 to/through many of our CDN and compute partners. Partners supported for unlimited free egress: Fastly, Cloudflare, Bunny.net, CacheFly, Coreweave, Equinix Metal, Vultr, and phoenixNAP.
How does Backblaze's 3x free egress work?
All Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage users enjoy free data egress (also known as download) up to 3x their average monthly storage amount. The monthly average is determined based on byte hours over the billing cycle, with total egress up to 3x the average provided free; any monthly egress overage is priced at $0.01/GB.
How accurate are your rate comparisons?
The comparison charts are accurate based on published rates and select assumptions at the time of the publication. Of course, every business’ scenario is a little different so it is wise of you to apply further diligence based on your data set, workflow, and needs.
Which is better for me—getting B2 Cloud Storage service pay-as-you-go or in an annual capacity bundle?
Both services run on the same highly performant platform. Which is better for you will depend on how you wish to operate. Companies often choose pay-as-you-go when they want to scale up or down as needed, they want monthly billing to correlate precisely to service consumption, or they don’t wish to start with 20TB or more. Companies often choose our B2 Reserve annual capacity bundles when they want to buy through a preferred reseller or systems integrator or they seek to budget the exact same am
How can Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage be priced at a fraction of the cost others charge?
Backblaze B2 is built for affordable performance. We focus on delivering always-hot service for top use cases, rather than adding expensive bells and whistles for outlier needs. We marry open source and commodity hardware with our intelligent software for high performance without high cost. And, we operate at exabyte scale for cost efficiencies.
B2 Cloud Storage
High-performance, S3-compatible cloud storage, purpose built to provide simplicity, reliability, and affordability.
B2 Cloud Storage is the scaleable, proven, secure solution for your cloud storage needs that is just a fraction the rates of other cloud providers. Let us know how we can help you.
B2 Cloud Storage Sales Contact
BzApp-B2CreateAccountPricing
firstName-R,lastName-R,company-R,email-R,phone,storageSize-R,message
Submit Form
e151c782-8e2c-42e2-8572-20b62567bd60
83e81d78-39b7-4645-b94d-bd07beec6caa
B2CreateAccountPricing
Captcha failed, please try again
By submitting this form, you are agreeing to be contacted by Backblaze Sales and to receive our Business Newsletter via email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter, if desired.
Prefer to get started now? Click here.
* Indicates required fields
A Publicly Traded Company (BLZE)
Backblaze © 2024
About Us
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers
Terms and Policies
Privacy
Contact
Staging secure is temporarily unavailable. Please check for any ongoing deploys. If none are in progress, contact the fullstack team for assistance. Click me to dismiss.
