Backblaze announces multi-exabyte storage agreement with CoreWeave. Read the announcement
✕
Partners
Support
Sign In
Cloud Storage
B2 Cloud Storage
B2 Overdrive
B2 for Neoclouds
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Cloud Application Data
Powered by Backblaze
Content Delivery
Backup & Archive
Ransomware & DR
Pricing
Integrations
Integration Partners
AI Integrations
Resources
Docs
Customer Stories
Trust Center
Why Backblaze
Drive Stats
Blog
Startup Program
Computer Backup
Business
Personal
Pricing
Partners
Support
Sign In
Start Free
Contact Sales
English
B2 Cloud Storage Pricing
Always-Hot Cloud Storage, Predictably Priced
Enterprise-grade, security & compliance-ready, S3 compatible object storage—at a fraction of the cost.
Backblaze B2
Purpose-built for active archiving, backup, and recovery with compliance, media, and application workload management.
Starts at
$ 6.95 / TB / mo
Get Quote
Start Free
Pay as you go monthly or for capacity annually
No minimum file size or storage duration fees
Assisted data migration available
Discounts available with volume & term commitments
Free egress up to 3x storage
Free transactions
Backblaze B2 Overdrive
Designed to accelerate performance-critical workloads in AI/ML, HPC, research & life sciences, and more.
Starts at
$ 15 / TB / mo
Get Quote
Built on the Backblaze B2 foundation, plus:
Terabit speed at exabyte scale
Dedicated vaults with private networking integration
White glove onboarding and support
Unlimited free egress
Multi-petabyte commitment required
Active archive Low egress, rare deletion
Backup & DR Retention-based churn
Application storage Frequent reads and deletes
Custom Start neutral, then tune it
Stored data
TB
PB
Average data stored each month.
Monthly egress
% of stored
3× free
Your Backblaze B2 estimate
Monthly
Annual
$0
Estimated monthly cost · all line items included
vs. AWS S3
Google Cloud Storage
Azure Blob Storage
Cloudflare R2
Adjust the workload to compare modeled costs.
You save $0
0%
Free egress included this month 0 TB
*Up to 3x of average monthly data stored, then $0.01/GB for additional egress
This chart features published rates for the U.S. West region. Backblaze competitors’ rates can vary by region, amount stored, and other factors. View API call rate details here
.
Start Free
Contact Sales
Our pricing models have nothing to hide
Pay-As-You-Go
B2 Reserve
Fundamentals
Always-hot object storage
First 10GB storage is always free.
Free 3x monthly egress
Egress above 3x monthly average storage is also free through many CDN and compute partners; otherwise, overage is billed at $0.01 per GB.
No minimum file size fees
No minimum storage duration fees
Free API calls
Class A, B, and C API calls are free for pay-as-you-go customers. Class D transactions cost $0.004 per 10,000 calls plus the first 2,500 calls per day are free.
Support
Implementation support
Add-on
Premium support
Add-on
Universal Data Migration
With qualifying commitment
Payment
Billing term
Monthly
Annual from 1-5 years
Billing timing
Monthly
Contract start
Method
Credit card or invoice
Invoice
$15K
saved per month
“From a cost of goods sold perspective, AWS pricing wasn’t a great fit. Backblaze was a drop-in API replacement with a much better cost structure—it was just a no-brainer.”
Rory Petty
Co-Founder & CTO, Tribute
Read the customer story
How Backblaze built high performance for low cost
Specialized focus
Backblaze focuses on reliable, always-hot object storage for top use cases, not pricey bells and whistles for outlier needs.
CTA
Innovative design
Backblaze innovated on commodity hardware with intelligent software for high performance without high cost.
CTA
Scaled infrastructure
Backblaze plans, buys, codes, and operates our storage cloud for cost efficiencies at exabyte scale.
CTA
Start Free
Contact Sales
FAQs
What is B2 Overdrive and how is its pricing different?
Backblaze B2 Overdrive is a high-throughput cloud object storage solution, engineered for workloads needing rapid data access. Built on top of Backblaze B2, pricing starts at $15 per TB/month for increased storage and networking throughput, and includes unlimited free egress to facilitate intensive data operations without prohibitive costs.
Who is B2 Overdrive best suited for?
B2 Overdrive is specifically designed for organizations with demanding, throughput-intensive applications like AI/ML training and inference, high-performance compute (HPC), large-scale data analytics, media processing pipelines, and research compute.
How is pay-as-you-go storage billed?
Service is billed monthly, based on the amount of data stored per byte-hour over the last month at a rate of $ 6.95 /TB/30-day.
How can I get unlimited free egress?
Backblaze B2 offers unlimited free egress when downloading to or through partner content delivery networks (CDNs) and compute services, including Fastly, Cloudflare, bunny.net, CacheFly, CoreWeave, Equinix Metal, Vultr, and phoenixNAP. Additionally, B2 Overdrive includes unlimited free egress to any destinations, supporting throughput-intensive workloads.
How does Backblaze's 3x free egress work?
All B2 Cloud Storage users get free egress up to 3x their average monthly storage. Your monthly average is calculated based on byte hours over the billing cycle. Egress beyond 3x is just $0.01/GB—no surprise fees, no penalties. B2 Overdrive
also provides unlimited free egress to any destination in the world.
How accurate are your rate comparisons?
The comparison charts are accurate based on published rates and select assumptions at the time of the publication. Of course, every business’ scenario is a little different so it is wise of you to apply further diligence based on your data set, workflow, and needs.
Which is better for me—pay-as-you-go or an annual capacity bundle?
Both services run on the same highly performant platform. Which is better for you will depend on how you wish to operate. Pay-as-you-go is ideal for flexible scaling, monthly billing, or smaller data needs. B2 Reserve is suited for businesses seeking consistent annual billing and larger storage commitments starting at 20TB, often purchased through resellers or integrators.
How can Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage be so much more affordable than the “other guys”?
Backblaze B2 is built for affordable performance. We focus on delivering always-hot service for top use cases, rather than adding expensive bells and whistles for outlier needs. We marry open source and commodity hardware with our intelligent software for high performance without high cost. And, we operate at exabyte scale for cost efficiencies.
B2 Cloud Storage
High-performance, S3-compatible cloud storage, purpose built to provide simplicity, reliability, and affordability.
B2 Cloud Storage is the scalable, proven, secure solution for your data storage needs that is just a fraction the rates of other cloud providers. Let us know how we can help you.
Get Support
B2 Cloud Storage Sales Contact
BzApp-B2CreateAccountPricing
firstName-R,lastName-R,company-R,email-R,phone,storageSize-R,message
Submit
e151c782-8e2c-42e2-8572-20b62567bd60
83e81d78-39b7-4645-b94d-bd07beec6caa
B2CreateAccountPricing
Captcha failed, please try again
By submitting this form, you are agreeing to be contacted by Backblaze Sales and to receive our Business Newsletter via email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter, if desired.
* Indicates required fields
A Publicly Traded Company (BLZE)
Backblaze © 2024
About Us
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers
Terms and Policies
Privacy
Contact
Staging secure is temporarily unavailable. Please check for any ongoing deploys. If none are in progress, contact the fullstack team for assistance. Click me to dismiss.
