Skip to Main Content
Annually
Monthly
USD
CAD
EUR
USD
Tooltip: Data stored in your currency's region
Individual
Take control of your online security.
$2.99
USD
$3.99
USD
Per month. Paid annually.*
Try FREE for 14 days
Generate passwords securely
Autosave and autofill credentials
Share items securely with anyone
Use on all of your devices
Get alerts for weak or compromised credentials
Families
Peace of mind for your entire family.
$4.49
USD
$5.99
USD
Per month. Paid annually. *
Try FREE for 14 days
Everything from Individual, plus:
Invite up to 5 family members
Share unlimited vaults
Manage access with simple admin controls
* Promotions are limited time discounts available for new 1Password customers only for the first year with annual billing
Included in every 1Password account
Industry-leading security
Your data is end-to-end encrypted to keep it safe at rest and in transit. Only you can access your data. We don’t share it, and we don’t sell it.
1Password Watchtower
Receive alerts for compromised websites and vulnerable passwords so you can take action to stay secure.
Storage for more than logins
Securely manage all your important information from addresses and credit cards to SSH keys and API tokens.
Password sharing
Securely share saved passwords and other personal data – and reduce the risk of having one compromised.
Full compatibility
Works on macOS, iOS, Windows, Android, and Linux, as well as Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Brave, and Safari browsers.
Unrivaled support
Whenever you need it, our global team is here to help. Get free resources and support from the 1Password team.
Trusted by 180,000 businesses and millions of families
Frequently Asked Questions
How does 1Password compare to competitors?
Our plan comparison page
makes it easy to compare 1Password with the other guys. See how our pricing and features stack up against the competition.
What's the difference between 1Password Teams Starter Pack and 1Password Business?
You can secure a team of up to 10 for a flat monthly price with 1Password Teams Starter Pack
making it the best value for small teams. For larger organizations, 1Password Business combines comprehensive protection with granular controls. Integrate with your identity provider, create audit trails with usage reports, and create, manage, and enforce administrative and security policies at scale.
Does 1Password have a free version?
1Password is free to try for 14 days, so you have plenty of time to decide if it’s right for you. At the end of your free 14-day trial, you can choose a plan that best suits your needs.
If you simply want to generate a strong, unique username and password, try our free online password generator
and username generator
.
How much does 1Password cost per year?
Depending on the plan you choose, 1Password pricing can be as little as $48 USD per year for an individual, or $72 USD per year for a family of five. Business pricing scales based on how many people are on your team.
Is 1Password worth the money?
Only you can decide, but since over 80% of cybersecurity incidents involve weak or re-used passwords, we believe using a password manager
that makes it easy to create and use strong passwords across all your devices is one of the single most important investments you can make in your security.
And 1Password is more than just the best password manager. It lets you store and use all kinds of login credentials, payment information, private documents, software licenses, and much more. You'll also get access to alerts if your logins are involved in a data breach
as well as ways to securely share and collaborate with others – even if they don't use 1Password.
1Password makes it easy to protect your people at home and work, with intuitive apps backed by world-class support and an uncompromising approach to upholding the security and privacy of your data.
What discounts does 1Password offer?
We offer discounts for many different situations and organizations, including nonprofits
and journalists
1Password also has customized, volume-based pricing options – please contact us
to learn more.
What payment methods can I use to pay for 1Password?
You can pay for a 1Password subscription through the following options:
Direct debit from your bank account via ACH (only available for US bank accounts)
Credit card, including Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, Diners Club, UnionPay, and JCB
1Password gift card, if your account is activated on 1Password.com
