Skip to content
PlanetScale pricing
Our plans scale with you. All plans include:
Daily backups
Automatic failover
Enterprise-grade security
Plans
Hobby
Free forever for hobby use
$0 per month $0 / month Sign up for free
5 GB storage included
1 billion row reads per month ($1 per additional billion) 1B row reads/ month
10 million row reads per month ($1.50 per additional million) 10M row writes/ month
1 production branch
1 development branch
Scaler
Read/write-based billing for lower-traffic applications
$ 29 per month $ 29 / month Get started
10 GB storage included
100 billion row reads per month ($1 per additional billion reads) 100B row reads/ month
50 million row writes per month ($1.50 per additional million writes) 50M row writes/ month
2 production branches
5 development branches
Scaler Pro
Choose the compute and memory resources for your needs
Starts at $ 39 per month Starts at From $ 39 / month
PS-10 0.125 vCPU and 1 GB RAM in AWS us-east-1
Get started
10 GB storage included
∞ Unlimited row reads and writes
Deployed across 3 availability zones
1 production branch included with 2 replicas for high-availability
2 development branches included
Enterprise
Built for the highest performance
Custom pricing Contact us
Custom pricing based on usage or resources
Custom reads and writes
Unlimited connections
Horizontal sharding
Deploy via Multi-tenant, Single-tenant, or in your AWS or GCP account
Compare all plan options and benefits
Trusted by
Cost comparison Comparing PlanetScale vs. AWS
“PlanetScale was an easy choice for us on the technology and support alone. However, we were also able to generate meaningful savings on our AWS bill and reinvest that into growing our business.”
Todd Berman CTO, Attentive
“Migrating from AWS to PlanetScale was painless. Since moving, we’ve experienced significant improvements in reliability, scalability, and productivity.”
Andrew Barba CTO, Barstool Sports
Database platform
PlanetScale Scaler Pro PS-320
$699 / month
Amazon RDS 4 vCPU and 32 GB RAM
$1,217 / month
Amazon Aurora 4 vCPU and 32 GB RAM
$731 / month
Reads and writes
Unlimited
Storage
10 GB
Region
us-east-1
Revert
Insights
PlanetScale Boost
Multi-region capabilities
Get started
Migrate from AWS with no downtime
FAQ Frequently asked questions
How are rows read and rows written calculated on the Hobby or Scaler plan?
Can I upgrade my Hobby or Scaler plan database to the Scaler Pro plan?
Can I downgrade from the Scaler Pro plan to the Scaler plan?
Can I downgrade from the Scaler plan to the Hobby plan?
Will I be charged for usage and storage for database branches?
What happens if I exceed the usage and storage limits for my Hobby database?
Can I change my cluster size at any time on the Scaler Pro plan?
Do you offer any Scaler Pro annual plans with discounts?
Is Scaler Pro always an improvement compared to Scaler?
Straightforward pricing that scales
PlanetScale offers plans built for the needs of your application. Spend less time managing your database and more time on your business.
Choose your plan
Contact us
