Flexible pricing to fit your needs
Marketing Platform
Conversations Platform
Sales Platform
Customer Data Platform
Monthly
Yearly (-10%)
Free
Discover Brevo
Sign Up
Everything in Free: 300 emails/day
Customizable email templates
Drag & drop editor
Transactional (API, SMTP, Webhooks)
SMS & WhatsApp campaigns
See all features
Starter
Ideal for growing businesses
Starting from
Sign Up
Everything in Free, plus: From 5,000 emails/month
No daily sending limit
No Brevo logo (add-on)
Basic reporting & analytics
24/7 email support
See all features
MOST POPULAR
Business
Built for marketing managers and ecommerce pros
Starting from
Sign Up
Everything in Starter, plus: From 5,000 emails/month
Marketing automation
Predictive sending
AI
Multi-user access (add-on)
Landing pages
A/B testing
Advanced statistics
Phone support
See all features
Enterprise
Tailored solutions to fit your needs
Custom price
Get a demo
Everything in Business, plus: Unlimited contacts
Sub-account management
Advanced integrations
Exclusive features
Tailored onboarding
Personalized support
Enterprise-grade security
See all features
Join 500,000+ customers around the world who trust Brevo
Awarded for excellence
Loved by users everywhere
2200+ reviews
2900+ reviews
100+ reviews
Don’t see your question answered here?
Contact us and we'll be happy to answer any additional questions you may have.
Contact us
Frequently asked questions
Do I have to enter my credit card details to sign up?
No. We only need your email address and the name of your organization, and then you will be able to start creating campaigns.
Do I need any prior knowledge or skills?
Not at all! Brevo is designed with simplicity in mind. Even if you're a complete beginner, you'll have all the tools you need to build stunning emails, create contact lists and set advanced preferences. If you ever need guidance, you can take a look at our many tutorials and resources, or contact our support team.
Can I send transactional emails on the Marketing Platform plan?
Yes! Our Marketing Platform plan gives you access to all transactional email features within Brevo, including RESTful APIs, SMTP, webhooks, unlimited log retention, and more. Brevo integrates with all major CMS and our API docs
are complete with guides, SDKs, libraries and code recipes to help you get started.
Are there any contracts?
There are no contracts or hidden fees with Brevo. You may change plans or cancel at any time. Sign up for a plan or purchase credits as you need them, there are no additional charges.
Why choose a pay-as-you-go plan?
A pay-as-you-go plan is ideal for businesses and organizations that don't send emails often, or that don’t have a large contact list. PAYG credits do not expire, so you can use them at your own pace. One email sent equals one credit deducted. You still get all of our great features and services, however they do not include phone support. It is still possible to easily buy more credits or shift to a monthly plan at anytime though.
Can I try Brevo before purchasing a plan?
Absolutely! When you create an account, you will automatically have a Free plan to upload unlimited contacts. Once we approve your account for sending, you can start sending up to 300 emails per day.
What if I change my mind?
If you change your mind, you can cancel your plan at any time directly from your account. Your data will be stored if you wish to use our services again, or we can delete all of your records upon your request.
How can I pay?
All payments are made by credit card, through our secure payment processor, Adyen, or by Paypal. If you subscribe to a monthly plan, the subscription period is 30 days and charges are processed at the beginning of each period. Email and SMS credits are charged at purchase. All statements are available within your account.
What is a dedicated IP?
A dedicated IP plan allows you to send email campaigns using your domain name and your own signature. You create transparency with your customers and build a reputation based on your IP and your domain name.
