Transparent Pricing to Meet your Precise Needs
You get a dedicated cluster, with no limits on records or operations.
Memory
Based on the size of your data
0.5 GB
1 GB
2 GB
4 GB
8 GB
16 GB
32 GB
64 GB
96 GB
128 GB
192 GB
256 GB
384 GB
512 GB
768 GB
1024 GB
vCPUs per Node
More vCPUs support higher traffic
2 vCPUs, 1 hr burst per day
GPU Acceleration is available in Select Configurations >
GPU Acceleration
Use GPUs for embedding generation
High Performance Disk
Optimize for large records
High Availability
Recommended for Production Envs
Number of nodes
3
4
5
6
7
Search Delivery Network
Like a CDN, but for search
Off
3 Regions
5 Regions
Multi-Nodes Per Region
Region
Data center locations
N California
Oregon
N Virginia
Ohio
Canada
Sao Paulo
Ireland
London
Paris
Zurich
Frankfurt
Stockholm
Milan
Spain
Cape Town
Bahrain
UAE
Mumbai
Hyderabad
Singapore
Jakarta
Seoul
Osaka
Tokyo
Melbourne
Sydney
N California
Oregon
N Virginia
Ohio
Canada
Sao Paulo
Ireland
London
Paris
Zurich
Frankfurt
Stockholm
Milan
Spain
Cape Town
Bahrain
UAE
Mumbai
Hyderabad
Singapore
Jakarta
Seoul
Osaka
Tokyo
Melbourne
Sydney
Typesense Version
Typesense Server Version
30.2
29.1
31.0.rc14
31.0.rc13
31.0.rc12
31.0.rc11
31.0.rc10
31.0.rc9
31.0.rc8
31.0.rc7
31.0.rc6
Get Started Now
Need help? Use our Configuration Assistant below, or Send us a message.
Cluster
Bandwidth Out
Support
Critical Production Support Free
Prioritized support plans >
FAQs
How much memory do I need?
How many vCPU do I need?
Can you help me choose a config?
What is a Search Delivery Network?
Will my cluster auto-scale?
How does billing work?
Still have questions? Send us a message
.
Need Help Choosing a Configuration?
Tell us about your data and we will recommend a starting configuration.
Tell Us About Your Data
Number of Records
records
Average Size of One Record
KB
(Only include indexed fields)
Minimum Recommended Configuration
0.5GB RAM
We recommend picking the lowest vCPU option available for this RAM, and scaling up from there.
For over 20 requests per second, we recommend a minimum of 4 vCPUs.
If you have spiky traffic, you could save costs using a Burst vCPU option.
For a Production deployment, we recommend turning on High Availability.
If your users are distributed across multiple cities, we recommend turning on Search Delivery Network.
If you have records over 1KB, we recommend turning on High Performance Disk option.
Still have questions? Ask us.
Switching from Algolia?
We can help. Let's talk!
If You Currently Spend
We Offer
Over $1,000/month on Algolia
A FREE 30-Minute Consulting call to estimate your costs, answer any questions and help you plan your migration.
Over $2,000/month on Algolia
FREE 1-Year Prioritized Business Support
& Migration Consulting $5,200 value to switch to Typesense
Help with benchmarking your dataset to find your ideal right-sized cluster configuration.
Over $3,000/month on Algolia
FREE 1-Year Prioritized Enterprise Support
& Migration Consulting $9,100 value
FREE Private Slack Connect Support to help answer quick questions and troubleshoot issues.
Help with benchmarking your dataset to find your ideal right-sized cluster configuration.
Invitation to our Exclusive Customer Advisory Board, that gives you a chance to shape Typesense's feature roadmap to meet your needs. Limited Rotating Spots Available.
SOC2 reports, HIPAA BAAs, custom vendor forms, security questionnaires, and custom contracts are excluded from free migration support. These require the purchase of an appropriate support plan
.
Schedule FREE Algolia Migration Consulting Call
After migrating to Typesense Cloud we have been able to save A LOT of money without losing out on any of the performance we got from Algolia. I do not exaggerate when I say that our overhead for search is less than 25% of what it used to be.
Joshua S
CTO
Adviise
We switched from Algolia on thefoldline.com and Typesense is now powering all the mega menu categories, autocomplete search and the pattern reviews sections. We're very happy with the end result and we managed to quickly get it all working. Being able to use the existing Instantsearch front end is incredible - I had that working in 15 minutes, the rest was a back end job and done in about 2 weeks.
Richard S
Full Stack Developer
The Fold Line
I switched from Algolia to Typesense because Algolia was charging me $5000 per month and Typesense significantly less. I have a large quantity of records with only a little data each, so paying for the amount of memory I am using instead of the number of records I have is much better for me. Migrating over only took about an hour using your guides. Great product!
Kenny M
CTO
Fortuna-Insights
I've been a user of Algolia since 2014, and after a decade of using the same Search as a Service product, I've finally made the switch to Typesense. Algolia used to be a simple product, with simple, transparent pricing. Unfortunately their current pricing models are designed for enterprise level customers, and they've really priced us out of the product. Not to mention all the new features are focused around specific E-Commerce style solutions, which don't apply to us.
Typesense, on the other hand, has shown its flexibility and speed of innovation in areas we never thought possible... Even better, with Typesense's advanced query capabilities, we're able to reduce our indexing operations significantly, resulting in cutting our AWS bill by almost 10%, just because we don't need to jump through hoops to get data into the right format for our search system.
Chris M
CTO
Newstex
At the Solar Impulse Foundation, accelerating the deployment of clean technologies worldwide is critical, so discoverability is essential. Typesense Cloud's straightforward AI-powered search deployment-especially its effortless integration with our legacy InstantSearch JS code and automatic OpenAI embeddings generation-made our transition from Algolia seamless.
Now, thanks to improved semantic search, we can precisely match innovators' solutions with the environmental challenges and business needs they address, enabling us to drive greater impact faster.
Louis G
Data Operations & Analytics Manager
Solar Impulse Foundation
Help
