THE COMPLETE AIVEN PLATFORM
Service
Stream
Aiven for Apache Kafka®
Aiven for Apache Kafka® Connect
Aiven for Apache Kafka® MirrorMaker 2
Aiven for Apache Flink®
Store
Aiven for Apache Cassandra®
Aiven for PostgreSQL®
Aiven for MySQL
Aiven for Dragonfly
Aiven for Caching
Aiven for Valkey™
Serve
Aiven for ClickHouse®
Aiven for M3
Aiven for M3 Aggregator
Aiven for OpenSearch®
Aiven for Grafana®
Aiven for Apache Kafka®
Cloud
Amazon Web Services
DigitalOcean
Google Cloud
Microsoft Azure
UpCloud
Region
Africa, Cape Town (af-south-1)
Asia, Hong Kong (ap-east-1)
Asia, Tokyo (ap-northeast-1)
Asia, Seoul (ap-northeast-2)
Asia, Mumbai (ap-south-1)
Asia, Hyderabad (ap-south-2)
Asia, Singapore (ap-southeast-1)
Asia, Jakarta (ap-southeast-3)
Australia, Sydney (ap-southeast-2)
Australia, Melbourne (ap-southeast-4)
Canada, Canada Central (ca-central-1)
Europe, Frankfurt (eu-central-1)
Europe, Zurich (eu-central-2)
Europe, Stockholm (eu-north-1)
Europe, Milan (eu-south-1)
Europe, Madrid (eu-south-2)
Europe, Ireland (eu-west-1)
Europe, London (eu-west-2)
Europe, Paris (eu-west-3)
Middle East, UAE (me-central-1)
Middle East, Bahrain (me-south-1)
South America, São Paulo (sa-east-1)
United States, N. Virginia (us-east-1)
United States, Ohio (us-east-2)
United States, N. California (us-west-1)
United States, Oregon (us-west-2)
Startup
starting from $290 / month
$0.40 / hour
3 dedicated VMs
2 CPU per VM
2 GB RAM per VM
90 GB total cluster storage
Add-ons
Static IP Addresses
Get started for free
Business
starting from $725 / month
$0.99 / hour
3 dedicated VMs
2-8 CPU per VM
4-32 GB RAM per VM
600-4500 GB total cluster storage
Everything in Startup, plus support for Kafka Connect in the same cluster
Add-ons
Static IP Addresses
Tiered Storage
Get started for free
View plans
Premium
starting from $2,800 / month
$3.84 / hour
6-30 dedicated VMs
2-8 CPU per VM
8-32 GB RAM per VM
2250-45000 GB total cluster storage
Everything in Business, plus more compute and storage capacity
Add-ons
Static IP Addresses
Tiered Storage
Get started for free
View plans
Need help? Use our Kafka plan finder
tool to get a recommended Kafka® plan based on your unique data needs and requirements.
Data retention is only limited by storage. For information about annual discount or plan capacity beyond the listed plans, please contact us
Compare plans
Aiven for Apache Kafka®
Startup
starting from
$290 / month
Business
starting from
$725 / month
Premium
starting from
$2,800 / month
Dedicated VMs
3
6-30
CPU per VM
2
2-8
RAM per VM
2 GB
4-32 GB
8-32 GB
Total cluster storage
90 GB
600-4500 GB
2250-45000 GB
Clouds
AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, DigitalOcean, UpCloud
Data retention
Limited only by diskspace
All networking cost included
Seamless upgrade/downgrade to other plans
One-click version upgrade
Performance graphs
Data encrypted on disk and network
VPC peering in AWS, GCP, and Microsoft Azure
Kafka Tiered Storage
Offload data from local disks to object storage in the cloud
Kafka REST
HTTP access to sending and receiving messages
Schema Registry
Registry for storing Kafka message schemas
99.99% availability
Percentage of time the service is guaranteed to be available and operational
High availability
Automatic failover to another node in case of a node failure
Kafka Connect
Included in the base Kafka cluster. A separate Kafka Connect service is available to all plans
Dynamic disk sizing
Add or remove additional storage to meet your growing business needs
Available at an additional cost
Support
Offers three additional support tiers with separate charge that include faster response times and phone support
Support through email with best-effort responses during the same or next business day
Get started for free
Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC) available for larger setups
Run Aiven services in your own cloud account to achieve lower TCO. Accelerate time-to-value with our self-service BYOC automation. Please contact sales
for more information.
Check out our BYOC documentation
and discover the power of Aiven platform
Available marketplaces
Open questions? We’ve got answers
What are the differences between plans?
Aiven categorises plans into 5 different tiers. These are Free, Hobbyist, Startup, Business and Premium. The differences between tiers are service specific so we encourage you to choose the service you are interested in from the plan finder on the pricing page and then click "Plan Comparison".
Most technical features are available in all tiers. One key difference between the tiers can be the number of dedicated VMs. The more VMs there are, the more resistant the service is for any anomalies. Our Hobbyist/Startup tiers are typically recommended for test environments, Business for production environments and Premium for enterprise-level production environments.
Aiven offers free plans for Aiven for PostgreSQL®, Aiven for MySQL and Aiven for Caching (compatible with legacy Redis® OSS), available in a limited number of regions for DigitalOcean hosting
and have the following specifications:
Single node
1 CPU per virtual machine
1 GB RAM
For PostgreSQL and MySQL: 5GB storage
For Redis: maxmemory set to 50%
For more details on the free plans, check out our documentation
.
All Aiven for Apache Kafka and Aiven for Apache Cassandra plans offer high-availability (minimum 3 nodes), private networking (VPC) and single-tenant, dedicated clusters where each virtual machine is in a different availability zone. With our Apache Kafka service, Kafka Connect is included only in Business and Premium plans.
See plan comparison
to check what's included in different tiers of Kafka plans. Also, you can use our Kafka plan finder tool
to get a recommended Kafka plan based on your unique data needs and requirements.
Aiven for PostgreSQL offers high Availability for Business (2 nodes) and Premium (3 nodes) plans. Backup Retention Time varies per plan: 0 days for Hobbyist, 2 days for Startup, 14 days for Business, and 30 days for Premium plan. On premium level plans, you can optionally enable synchronous replication for higher reliability
See plan comparison
for more details on PostgreSQL plans.
Does Aiven offer a free plan?
Aiven offers free plans for Aiven for PostgreSQL®, Aiven for MySQL and Aiven for Caching (compatible with legacy Redis® OSS), available in a limited number of regions for DigitalOcean hosting
and have the following specifications:
Single node
1 CPU per virtual machine
1 GB RAM
For PostgreSQL and MySQL: 5GB storage
For Redis: maxmemory set to 50%
Free plans do not have any time limitations. However, Aiven reserves the right to shut down services if we believe they violate the acceptable use policy
or are unused for some time. For more details, check out our documentation
.
What is the difference between the Aiven free plans and the Aiven free trial?
The free plans are limited in size but can be run indefinitely free of charge. The full platform free trial gives you $300 of credit for 30 days that you can use on any service types and plan sizes. You can run free services alongside your trial, they will not impact your trial credits and will continue to run after the trial has expired.
For more details on the free plans, check out our documentation.
What’s included in Aiven customer support?
We proactively monitor all services 24/7/365. Our personnel are automatically alerted to any service anomalies for immediate resolution. Additionally, your account includes email and chat support. Three additional support tiers are available for a fee. Learn
more about support response times and plans.
Does Aiven offer any discounts?
Discounts are available for organizations willing to make annual minimum-spend commitments. For more information, contact sales
.
Can I add more disk space to my plan?
Yes, with Aiven’s Dynamic Disk Sizing
you can freely adjust the disk space allocation for Aiven for PostgreSQL
Aiven for MySQL
Aiven for Apache Kafka
Aiven for Cassandra
Aiven for M3
and Aiven for OpenSearch
plans. Adjust the amount of disk space you use in the Aiven Console. You can go all the way up to three times the amount defined in your plan. The price of the additional storage also covers the additional backup storage needed to handle the increased disk size.
Additional resources
Tools
Aiven Value Calculator and Kafka Plan Finder
Calculate exactly how much you will save with Aiven and find an Aiven for Apache Kafka® plan that fits your data requirements.
Aiven Value Calculator
Aiven for Apache Kafka® Plan Finder
Blog
Create trust and value with Aiven
Jason Hepp tells you about how Aiven provides intrinsic trust and value in your organization. Find out what hugging your feet has to do with it!
Read more
Link
Support, Licensing and Legal
Learn more about our support model and our commitment to providing fault-resilient database, automatic recovery and self-healing capabilities.
Support
SLA
Get your first cluster online now
Aiven makes setting up cloud databases so simple anyone can do it. Our set-it-and-forget-it solutions take the pain out of cloud data infrastructure.
Get started for free
