Log in
No-nonsense email for everyone.
About how many subscribers do you have?
$ 29 /month or $ 290 /year (18% off!)
Get started for free
No credit card required. Only pay for what you use. Cancel anytime.
Includes:
Free migration
by us
Tagging & segmentation
Paid subscriptions
Comments
and surveys
Analytics
Email attachments
Multiple
newsletters
Automations
Add:
Whitelabeling
+$ 50 /month
Teams
+$ 50 /month
Starting from scratch?
Start a new list for free
Questions that some of you have asked
Why are you so much cheaper than others?
You’re probably looking at other email tools. Fair! And you’re wondering why those charge a lot more than us. Also fair! Maybe you think we’re not up to the demands that your business needs, or you think we’re not ready for “prime time.”
We’re cheaper than the competition for three reasons:
We don’t maintain overhead. We’re a fully remote, independent company. No fixed offices to blow rent on. No big initiatives that have nothing to do with sending email. We invest what you spend back into our business.
We only charge for what you use. Many email providers charge for your unused subscribers or services that won’t be relevant to your work. We charge only for active subscribers, let you use features à la carte, and add features to larger lists for free, because we’re nice.
Most places overcharge. It’s a sad truth in email marketing that most places come to massively increase their prices down the road. We see no reason to do that. Email marketing works best when it’s a utility, getting out of your way most of the time while helping you do your best work.
In short, we don’t want to overcharge you, even if you’re a big enterprise company that’s used to being overcharged. We want to give you the best possible service, no matter your list size.
Do you have any discounts for non-profits?
Are you registered as a 501(c)(3) non-profit (or your country's equivalent)? You can get a 50% discount on your plan. Send us an email with proof of registry and we'll get you set up.
Is there a limit to the number of emails I can send?
All of these prices assume that you're sending at most one email a day to your entire subscriber base. If you're sending more than that, you'll need to contact us and we can talk about what usage-based pricing would look like for you.
Who runs Buttondown?
We're a small team of engineers, writers, and designers who are passionate about making emails better, fully remote and have been since our founding in 2017. We're profitable, self-funded, and have no plans to change that.
How do people feel after switching to Buttondown?
Ask them yourself!
I have more questions!
Great! Send us an email at concierge@buttondown.email
we're happy to help.
It's been massively simpler & easier running things with Buttondown. Stuff gets queued easier, deliverability is higher, bugs are fewer.
Nick Disabato, Draft
Everything I needed was right there in the main UI. I could log in, write a newsletter, check it, send a draft to a friend for review, and then hit send.
Tim Van Damme, Max Voltar Keyboard Club
Get started for free
No credit card required. Only pay for what you use. Cancel anytime.
Blog
Changelog
Demo
Features
Integrations
Open source
Docs
Alternatives
Climate
Terms of service
Use cases
Privacy policy
© 2024 Buttondown. All rights reserved; have a lovely day.
