Log in
Pricing
A full breakdown of our pricing plans, including add-ons and discounts.
About how many subscribers do you have?
$ 9 /month or $ 90 /year (18% off!)
Get started for free
No credit card required. Only pay for what you use. Cancel anytime.
Includes:
Rich text
or markdown
editor
Send from a custom domain
Hosted newsletter archives
Privacy-first
Free migration
by us
Tagging & segmentation
Paid subscriptions
Comments
and surveys
Analytics
RSS-to-email
support
Email attachments
Add:
Archives on a custom domain
+$ 20 /month
Multiple
newsletters
+$ 20 /month
Automations
+$ 20 /month
Whitelabeling
+$ 70 /month
Teams
+$ 70 /month
Starting from scratch?
Start a new list for free
Questions that some of you have asked
You say you’ll move my list for me. What’s the catch?
There really, really is none. Because of the way we’ve set things up on our end, it’s so easy for us to migrate your list that we offer that service to everyone. Read more here
if you’re curious.
What makes Buttondown better than my current setup?
Most people tend to praise us for our simplicity & ease of use, which sound like platitudes until you start living them. As a laser-focused newsletter tool, we don’t add all sorts of features that you’re not going to use – and when we do build something new, we try hard to make sure it fits the rest of your workflow.
As for our features themselves, you can take a look at what we offer
.
We also cost less than whatever you’re using.
Who is funding Buttondown?
We’re entirely funded by our customers – and we’re profitable!
What safeguards do you have in place to stick around for the long haul?
We take no outside funding and aren’t looking to “exit,” which is tech industry parlance for selling the company, retiring, or filing an IPO. All we want to do is run a stable, durable business that serves you – like how you expect businesses to work.
What does using Buttondown really look like?
We have a demo site
that you can play with, if you want!
How has your pricing changed over time? How do you determine when to change pricing? Do you offer legacy pricing to existing customers?
Our pricing used to be a lot simpler, because the product was simpler. We charged $25/month for smaller lists and $75/month for larger lists. The latter plan got you a few extra features.
Now our pricing is contingent on how many subscribers you have, like other email tools, and you pay a little more if you want any special features. We made this change because we want to bankroll ongoing improvements to the product – both on the front end (features) and back end (support, maintenance, etc).
We’re not forcing people to shift to any new pricing. If you want to add features in the future, they’re billed à la carte.
What are your plans for new features?
You can take a look at our public roadmap
& bug issues
.
Who tends to sign up for Buttondown in practice?
When we started out, we attracted a lot of other bootstrappers, creators, makers, and software businesses. Now Buttondown has a far more diverse range of people & businesses, and you can read some of their stories
.
What enterprise features does Buttondown have?
That depends on your needs, so we invite you to reach out
and begin a conversation.
I have more questions!
Great! Send us an email at concierge@buttondown.com
we're happy to help.
It's been massively simpler & easier running things with Buttondown. Stuff gets queued easier, deliverability is higher, bugs are fewer.
Nick Disabato, Draft
Everything I needed was right there in the main UI. I could log in, write a newsletter, check it, send a draft to a friend for review, and then hit send.
Tim Van Damme, Max Voltar Keyboard Club
Buttondown is the last email platform you’ll switch to.
Get started for free
Blog
Changelog
Testimonials
Docs
Features
Integrations
Open source
Alternatives
Climate
Brand guidelines
Terms of service
Use cases
Privacy policy
Customer support
© 2025 Buttondown. All rights reserved; have a lovely day.
