Buttondown
Log in
Pricing
A full breakdown of our pricing plans, including add-ons and discounts.
About how many subscribers do you have?
Buttondown will cost you:
Absolutely nothing for your first 100 subscribers.
That price includes:
Rich text
or markdown
editor
Send from a custom domain
Hosted newsletter archives
Privacy-first
Add-ons:
Tagging & segmentation
+$ 9 /month
Paid subscriptions
+$ 9 /month
Comments
and surveys
+$ 9 /month
Analytics
+$ 9 /month
RSS-to-email
support
+$ 9 /month
Sponsorships
+$ 9 /month
Email attachments
+$ 9 /month
Archives on a custom domain
+$ 29 /month
Multiple
newsletters
+$ 29 /month
Automations
+$ 29 /month
Whitelabeling
+$ 79 /month
Teams
+$ 79 /month
Get started with Buttondown
Frequently asked questions
What makes Buttondown different from other newsletter platforms?
First, we’re focused on making the best newsletter software. We provide you with web archives & RSS, but our big focus is on sending email. That allows us to ensure that you have high deliverability, which means more people read you. It also allows us to keep the feature set laser-focused on supporting your building an audience organically.
Second, we’re known for having some of the best support in the industry. If you run into any issues, we’re here to help. We believe that support is a strong competitive differentiator, especially as you’re getting started.
And finally, we’re an independent company, which means we’ve never taken any outside investment. Most of our competitors aren’t independent companies. As a result, they’re working for shareholders first and their customers second. We exist to serve you and only you.
Why are you so much cheaper than others?
You’re probably looking at other email tools. Fair! And you’re wondering why those charge a lot more than us. Also fair! Maybe you think we’re not up to the demands that your business needs, or you think we’re not ready for “prime time.”
We’re cheaper than the competition for three reasons:
We don’t maintain overhead. We’re a fully remote, independent company. No fixed offices to blow rent on. No big initiatives that have nothing to do with sending email. We invest what you spend back into our business.
We only charge for what you use. Many email providers charge for your unused subscribers or services that won’t be relevant to your work. We charge only for active subscribers, let you use features à la carte, and add features to larger lists for free, because we’re nice.
Most places overcharge. It’s a sad truth in email marketing that most places come to massively increase their prices down the road. We see no reason to do that. Email marketing works best when it’s a utility, getting out of your way most of the time while helping you do your best work.
In short, we don’t want to overcharge you, even if you’re a big enterprise company that’s used to being overcharged. We want to give you the best possible service, no matter your list size.
Do you have any discounts for non-profits?
Are you registered as a 501(c)(3) non-profit (or your country's equivalent)? You can get a 50% discount on your plan. Send us an email with proof of registry and we'll get you set up.
Is there a limit to the number of emails I can send?
All of these prices assume that you're sending at most one email a day to your entire subscriber base. If you're sending more than that, you'll need to contact us and we can talk about what usage-based pricing would look like for you.
Who runs Buttondown?
We're a small team of engineers, writers, and designers who are passionate about making emails better, fully remote and have been since our founding in 2017. We're profitable, self-funded, and have no plans to change that.
Do you charge for active subscribers, or all contacts?
We charge for active subscribers — you only pay for the people who are actively receiving your emails.
How do people feel after switching to Buttondown?
Ask them yourself!
I have more questions!
Great! Send us an email at concierge@buttondown.com
we're happy to help.
It's been massively simpler & easier running things with Buttondown. Stuff gets queued easier, deliverability is higher, bugs are fewer.
Nick Disabato, Draft
Everything I needed was right there in the main UI. I could log in, write a newsletter, check it, send a draft to a friend for review, and then hit send.
Tim Van Damme, Max Voltar Keyboard Club
Buttondown is the last email platform you’ll switch to.
Get started for free
About
Blog
Testimonials
Docs
Features
Integrations
Alternatives
Guides
Climate
Brand guidelines
Kudos
Terms of service
Use cases
Privacy policy
Customer support
Status
Open source
© 2026 Buttondown. All rights reserved; have a lovely day.
