Grow with us: Join Postmark's new referral partner program and start earning
Learn more
x
$0
Monthly cost in USD
Everyone starts on our FREE developer tier, which includes 100 emails every month
Start free trial No credit card required
Estimated monthly cost in USD
Start free trial No credit card required
Hey big sender!
Let’s work together to improve your deliverability.
Contact us
Start with 100 emails per month for free
What’s included? Everything!
No matter how many emails you send, you’ll get access to all of Postmark’s great features.
API & SMTP sending
45-day message retention
Stellar support
Great deliverability
Seamless integration
SMTP
REST API
Comprehensive official libraries
Community libraries
In-depth developer documentation
Migration guides
Third-party integrations
Webhooks
Send & receive
Transactional emails
Bulk/broadcast email
Spam score checking
Separate environments with servers
Pre-made email templates
Template engine
Inbox preview
Inbound email processing
Bounce & spam complaint handling
Deliverability & reliability
Separate infrastructure for transactional and bulk email
SPF
DKIM
DMARC
Time to Inbox
System & service availability API
Pristine shared IPs
Data & analytics
Click tracking
Unsubscribe tracking
Custom tagging
Email client and device tracking
Real-time notifications
Full message retention (45 days)
Analytics API
Delivery, bounce, spam, & open rates
Support & security
2FA
Opportunistic TLS
Dedicated support team
Email support
Phone support
Live chat
GDPR compliance
Ready to get started?
We’ll start you off with our free developer plan (100 test emails per month)
Start free trial
No credit card required
Optional add-ons
Dedicated IPs
Starts at $50 /month per IP
Our fully managed dedicated IPs are available to customers sending 300,000 emails per month or more.
Learn more →
DMARC Monitoring
Starts at $14 /month per domain
Fix authentication issues that prevent your email from reaching the inbox and see who’s sending using your domain with DMARC Digests.
Learn more →
Custom activity retention
Starts at $5 /month
Customize how long Postmark will store activity data and message content for your emails. Statistics are always kept indefinitely.
Learn more →
See how Postmark stacks up against
other email service providers
Select a provider below to see a comparison.
Have questions?
Do you offer a free trial?
All new accounts start off on our free developer plan with 100 emails per month. Use it for however long you need, it doesn’t expire.
What happens if I go over my monthly email limit?
Extra emails on our paid tiers are calculated at the end of your billing cycle and included with your cost for the upcoming month.
Do you have a tier smaller than 10,000 emails/month?
We do not offer a tier between 100 emails/month (our free developer plan) and 10,000 emails/month.
Do you offer annual plans?
Not right now, but we’d like to! We’re looking at introducing annual plans, which can offer some flexibility to customers who have lower and/or seasonal volume. Contact us
if you’d like to be notified when we introduce annual plans.
Do you offer dedicated IPs?
Yes: dedicated IPs are available to high-volume senders. Read about our policy for issuing dedicated IPs
.
What payment types do you accept?
We accept payments via Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Diners, and JCB. We do not accept PayPal or Purchase Orders.
Do you offer high-volume plans?
Yes! Contact us
to learn about our high-volume pricing.
Do unused emails roll over into the next month?
No. If you are under your email limit at the end of a billing period, the unused emails do not roll over to the next billing period.
Do you offer a discount for bootstrapped companies?
Yes! If you’ve launched your product, are charging for it, and haven’t taken outside investment, contact our support team
and we’ll give you $75 account credit to help with your email costs.
Here’s what our customers think of us
Postmark has a reputation for high quality. Even though there are several good companies, we were convinced by Postmark’s clear documentation and transparent roadmap. Further, building email infrastructure is really a partnership — we wanted to invest in a platform that would continue to grow along with our needs, not one that was fairly static and falling behind the technology curve.
Read the full story
Cliff Chang
Product Engineer at Asana
I was shocked to see Postmark open rates were an 11% improvement over SES in our test. Needless to say we started sending all of our transactional email through Postmark.
Dave Marshall
CTO at Childcare.co.uk
We’re really happy we decided to use Postmark for ITV’s British Soap Awards. We only count votes from verified email addresses and Postmark’s excellent delivery has lead to our highest verification percentage ever. We'll definitely use Postmark again!
Owen Matthews
Creative Director at Ten4 Design
Postmark blows every other transactional email product out of the water.
Kyle Racki
CEO at Proposify
Industry-leading delivery speeds. Up to 4x faster than other providers.
Take the pain out of handling inbound email. Postmark turns inbound email into a handy JSON object and posts it to a web hook URL.
Responsive templates for sending transactional emails, including welcome messages, password resets, and more.
45 days worth of full content history by default to help you troubleshoot (customizable from 7 to 365 days if needed).
We share our delivery statistics to the major inbox providers right on our status page.
Reliable link tracking so you can monitor and improve your emails.
Ready to get started?
Join thousands of businesses that already trust their email delivery to Postmark.
Try Postmark Free No Credit Card Required
Help
