Grow with us: Join Postmark's new referral partner program and start earning
Learn more
x
Postmark Pricing and Free Trial How many emails do you send and receive each month?
10,000 emails
Basic
$15.00 /mo
For solo developers and smaller teams
Starting at 10,000 emails/month.
Extra emails @ $ 1.80 / 1,000
Includes:
Up to 4 users
Up to 5 servers
Up to 15 streams
Up to 5 signature domains
Buy Now
Most Popular!
Pro
$60.50 /mo
For start-ups and small businesses
Starting at 50,000 emails/month.
Extra emails @ $ 1.30 / 1,000
Includes:
Up to 6 users
Up to 10 servers
Up to 30 streams
Up to 10 signature domains
Inbound email
Buy Now
Platform
$138.00 /mo
For agencies and larger teams
Starting at 125,000 emails/month.
Extra emails @ $ 1.20 / 1,000
Includes:
Unlimited users
Unlimited servers
Unlimited streams
Unlimited signature domains
Inbound email
Buy Now
Hey Big Sender!
Let’s work together to improve your deliverability.
Contact our sales team to discuss custom pricing options.
What's your name?
What's your company email address?
We'll never use this email for marketing purposes.
Who is your current email service provider?
Select an option…
SendGrid (Twilio)
Mailgun
MessageBird Email (Formerly SparkPost)
Mailchimp Transactional (Formerly Mandrill)
AWS SES
In-house system
Other
What is your anticipated monthly volume?
Select a volume…
Less than 1.5 million/month
Between 1.5 – 10 million/month
More than 10 million/month
Please complete all required fields to enable the submit button
Get started risk-free, for free
Everyone starts on our free Developer tier, which includes 100 emails every month. And it never expires or runs out.
Start Free Trial
Features
Basic
Pro
Platform
Basic
$15.00 /mo
Buy Now
Pro
$60.50 /mo
Buy Now
Platform
$138.00 /mo
Buy Now
Send Amounts Starts at 10K
Starts at 50K
Starts at 125K
Users
Number of Users Up to 4 users
Up to 6 users
Unlimited users
Send and Receive
SMTP
REST API
Inbound Email -
Transactional Message Streams
Marketing/Bulk/Broadcast message streams
Up to 15 streams
Up to 30 streams
Unlimited
Servers Up to 5 servers
Up to 10 servers
Unlimited
Custom sending domains Up to 5 domains
Up to 10 domains
Unlimited
Email Templates
Shared IPs & Dedicated IPs Shared IPs
Shared IPs
Dedicated IP available as an add-on
Shared IPs
Dedicated IP available as an add-on
Suppression Management
Seamless Integration
Sandbox Mode
In-depth Documentation
Event Webhooks
Data & Analytics
Detailed Activity Retention
Full message retention
45 Days
Custom retention available as add-on
45 Days
Custom retention available as add-on
Delivery, Bounce, Spam, and Open Rates
Custom Tagging
Analytics API
Support & Security
User Roles
Email Authentication
Optional add-ons
Dedicated IPs
Starts at $50 /month per IP
Our fully managed dedicated IPs are available to customers sending 300,000 emails per month or more.
Only available on Pro plans or higher
Learn more →
Custom activity retention
Starts at $5 /month
Customize how long Postmark will store activity data and message content for your emails. Statistics are always kept indefinitely.
Only available on Pro plans or higher
Learn more →
DMARC monitoring
Starts at $14 /month per domain
Fix authentication issues that prevent your email from reaching the inbox and see who’s sending using your domain with DMARC Digests.
Learn more →
Industry-leading delivery speeds. Up to 4x faster than other providers.
Take the pain out of handling inbound email. Postmark turns inbound email into a handy JSON object and posts it to a web hook URL.
Responsive templates for sending transactional emails, including welcome messages, password resets, and more.
45 days worth of full content history by default to help you troubleshoot (customizable from 7 to 365 days if needed).
We share our delivery statistics to the major inbox providers right on our status page.
Reliable link tracking so you can monitor and improve your emails.
See how Postmark stacks up against
other email service providers
Select a provider below to see a comparison.
Here’s what our customers think of us
Postmark has a reputation for high quality. Even though there are several good companies, we were convinced by Postmark’s clear documentation and transparent roadmap. Further, building email infrastructure is really a partnership — we wanted to invest in a platform that would continue to grow along with our needs, not one that was fairly static and falling behind the technology curve.
Read the full story
Cliff Chang
Product Engineer at Asana
I was shocked to see Postmark open rates were an 11% improvement over SES in our test. Needless to say we started sending all of our transactional email through Postmark.
Dave Marshall
CTO at Childcare.co.uk
We’re really happy we decided to use Postmark for ITV’s British Soap Awards. We only count votes from verified email addresses and Postmark’s excellent delivery has lead to our highest verification percentage ever. We'll definitely use Postmark again!
Owen Matthews
Creative Director at Ten4 Design
Postmark blows every other transactional email product out of the water.
Kyle Racki
CEO at Proposify
Frequently Asked Questions
Do you offer a free trial?
All new accounts start off on our free developer plan with 100 emails per month. Use it for however long you need, it doesn’t expire.
Do you offer dedicated IPs?
Dedicated IPs are available to high-volume senders. Read about our policy for issuing dedicated IPs
.
What happens if I go over my plan’s monthly email limit?
Extra emails on our paid plans are calculated at the end of your billing cycle and included with your plan cost for the upcoming month.
Visit our support article
for more information.
What payment types do you accept?
We accept payments via Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Diners, and JCB. We do not accept PayPal or Purchase Orders.
Do you have a tier smaller than 10,000 emails/month?
We do not offer a tier between 100 emails/month (our free developer plan) and 10,000 emails/month.
Can I send bulk marketing email through Postmark?
Yes you can! To comply with industry best practices and to maintain our high deliverability, it's important though that transactional and marketing emails never mix. That's why we created Message Streams
, a parallel but completely separate sending infrastructures for your transactional and broadcast emails.
Do you offer high-volume plans?
Yes! Contact us
to learn more about our high-volume pricing.
Do unused emails roll over into the next month?
No. If you are under your email limit at the end of a billing period, the unused emails do not roll over to the next billing period.
Do you offer a discount for bootstrapped companies?
Yes! If you’ve launched your product, are charging for it, and haven’t taken outside investment, contact our support team
and we’ll give you $75 account credit to help with your email costs.
Do you offer annual plans?
Not right now, but we’d like to! We’re looking at introducing annual plans, which can offer some flexibility to customers who have lower and/or seasonal volume. Contact us
if you’d like to be notified when we introduce annual plans.
Trusted by leading businesses worldwide
Join thousands of businesses that already trust their email delivery to Postmark.
Paddle
Indie Hackers
Faire.com
IKEA
litmus
desk
minecraft
livestream
UNICEF
Asana
Moz
Code Climate
LiveChat
1Password
Wistia
Betterment
Webflow
InVision
Try Postmark Free No Credit Card Required
