Pricing
Flexible pricing for every team.
Sign up now, upgrade anytime. Every new account gets a 14-day trial of our Pro features.
Billed monthly
Billed Annually (Save up to 33%)
Starter
Basic feature management to help small teams manage their release process.
$ 8. 33
Per seat / Per month
Billed annually
Includes:
Unlimited feature flags & Environments
Feature flag dashboard
Access to all 25+ SDKs
Integrations with Microsoft Teams and Slack
Get started free
Pro
Feature management and experimentation for growing teams.
$ 16. 67
Per seat / Per month
Billed annually
Everything in Starter plus:
Migration Assistant
Mobile Lifecycle Assistant
Reusable segments
Flag reviews by peers
Access to most integrations
Experimentation (available)
Data Export (available)
Get started free
Enterprise
Advanced feature management and experimentation at scale.
Contact sales
Contact sales for information on
usage-based subscriptions
Everything in Pro plus:
Workflows, scheduling, & approvals
Custom roles & teams
SAML / SCIM
Advanced user targeting
Release Assistant
Release Guardian
Experimentation (available)
Data Export (available)
Get a quote
Compare features across plans
Features
Starter Get started free
Pro Get started free
Enterprise Get a quote
Platform
—
Seat minimum
1
5
25
Unlimited feature flags
Unlimited Environments
Projects
1
Unlimited
Access to all SDKs
Server-side MAUs Monthly Active Users: Number of unique end users evaluating flags from server-side SDKs over a 30-day period.
Unlimited
Client-Side Contexts
1k
10k
Request quote
Experimentation Run feature-level A/B tests anywhere in your stack to make data-driven decisions. Assign metrics to a feature flag and precisely measure the changes in your users' behavior.
Contact us
Data Export Real-time export of raw analytics data, including feature flag requests, analytics events, custom events, experimentation events, and more.
Contact us
Experimentation
+
Full-stack experimentation (server, client, mobile SDKs)
A/B/n testing
Mutual exclusion support (and layers)
Funnel optimization experiments
Holdout experiments
CUPED variance reduction
Experiment results reports & visualizations
Results filtering by audience attributes
Flexible metric design: Click, Pageview, Numeric, Conversion
Metrics import: API, integrations, SDK-level
Targeting
+
Individual targets Assign individual users to a particular flag variation.
Targeting users by attribute Target segments of users by constructing rules.
Reusable segments Target groups of users by including or excluding up to 15K individual targets, or target users that match specific rules.
Synced segments Sync audience data from external sources with an unlimited number of targets for targeted feature delivery.
Larger list-based segments Import a CSV list of up to 1M targets for targeted feature delivery.
Flag prerequisites Build dependencies into your feature flags and control granular features from a global level.
Managing flags
+
Live events Real-time insight into the events your application is sending to LaunchDarkly, so you can verify that your flags are set up correctly.
Compare flags
Clone flags
Copy flag settings Copy flag setting across different environments.
Code References Easily manage the technical debt by locating feature flags in your git base code repo.
Integrations & API
+
Slack, Microsoft Teams, & Trello
Integrations
Most
All
API controls
Workflow automation
+
Flag Scheduling Schedule changes to your flag's targeting rules for a future date and time.
Required Approvals Require approvals before making changes to critical feature flags.
Flag Triggers Automate changes to your feature flags based on metrics from external tools.
Workflows Automate manual tasks required to manage a feature flag including scheduling and approvals.
Release Guardian
Release Assistant
Security & compliance
+
Multi-factor authentication
SSO / SAML
$10/seat/month
SCIM Create, update, and deactivate members in LaunchDarkly using your IdP of choice.
Audit Log for flag & segment changes
30-day
Unlimited
Audit Log for account changes Review your account history across all projects and environments.
30-day
Unlimited
Require confirmation for flag and segment changes Avoid changing the wrong flag or segment inadvertently.
Require comments for flag and segment changes Require a comment before making changes to critical feature flags and segments.
Flag reviews Request peer review for changes to a flag’s targeting from anyone in the LaunchDarkly project.
Custom roles & teams Define access levels to flags, projects, environments, metrics, or teams to enforce your policies.
Service tokens Create long-term integrations with the LaunchDarkly API, that are not tied to a single seat (personal token).
Relay Proxy Enterprise Streamline setup and management of Relay Proxy with auto-configuration and offline mode.
Support
+
Email support
First reply SLA
2 business days
1 business day
4 business hours
Premium support
Available
Service SLA
99.9%
Dedicated Client Success Manager
Available
FAQ
Pricing
How do you calculate a month?
+
Months are calculated based on when you start your plan. If you start a plan on September 18th, you'll be charged on the 18th of every month. If you start on the 31st, you'll be charged on the last day of every month. If you upgrade your plan, you'll be charged a prorated amount for the partial month, and your next month's bill will include the upgrade as part of your monthly charge.
What is a seat?
+
Each team member who logs in with a unique email address counts as a seat.
Who needs a seat?
+
To align with security best practices, we recommend unique logins for each team member responsible for any of the following:
Creating flags, generally engineers
Making changes to flag state (on/off, percentage rollout, targeting rules, etc.), often members of the product or growth team
Team members requiring a unique API token, typically engineers or automation tooling
Responsible for team management and LaunchDarkly Administration, such as folks in operations roles
We find that teams also see increased value from the platform as they make use of delegation and our advanced audit logging features. This is increasingly true of larger teams starting at around 10 team members.
How do you calculate Client-Side Monthly Active Contexts?
+
Client-Side Contexts are calculated by counting the number of unique contexts evaluating flags from client-side SDKs over a given month Typically, customers will send user contexts and we count unique end users that evaluate a flag, so even if a single user evaluates flags from multiple device types or over multiple sessions, we only count that user as 1 client-side context over the calendar month. For anonymous traffic, we can track them by session or device contexts so if they visit multiple t
How many Client-Side Contexts do I need?
+
To estimate the number of client-side contexts you’ll need, first determine what context you primarily aim to target (e.g. users, devices, accounts). Your goal is to use the context(s) that provide you with the control points necessary to support the power of LaunchDarkly’s targeting. If primarily targeting users, for example, you can count the number of unique monthly active users that would use your application(s) where the LaunchDarkly client-side SDKs are installed. In addition to your prima
Do I need to buy the Client-Side Contexts add-on if I have just a few client-side devices?
+
We provide 1,000 Client-Side Contexts on Starter plans and 10,000 Contexts on Professional plans with the core platform. The Client-Side Contexts add-on is intended for teams that need to scale their usage beyond this level. Enterprise plans also include a base set of Client-Side Contexts. Contact sales
to discuss pricing.
Do you offer discounts for non-profit, academic, or open-source projects?
+
In most cases, yes. Please contact us
to see if your organization is eligible.
Do you offer annual pricing plans?
+
Yes. All Enterprise plans are based on annual contracts. For Starter and Professional plans, you can select a yearly option when you sign up or at any time from the billing page in our app. There is an automatic discount on all plans set up with annual billing.
Account management
What happens if I go over my licensed events or MAUs?
+
Usage metrics are visible in the account settings section of the application. If your team exceeds one of the licensed limits there will be a notification in the application and an email sent to all team Administrators. Professional plans are able to add more events or MAUs as needed up to the specified limits. Enterprise plans will receive the same notifications and our customer success team will work with them to correctly size their licensed limits.
Will I have visibility of my usage?
+
Yes. We provide visibility on all of your usage metrics. You can learn more about usage metrics
in our documentation.
What are custom roles?
+
LaunchDarkly's basic role-based permission system provides global access control levels for team members based on a set of built-in roles (reader, writer, or admin/owner). Customers on enterprise plans also have access to LaunchDarkly's custom roles system. Custom roles allow you to create flexible policies that provide fine-grained access control to everything in LaunchDarkly—from feature flags and metrics to environments and teams. With custom roles, it's possible to enforce access policies th
Data
Can I trial Experimentation?
+
Yes. Experimentation can be added as an unlimited 30-day trial by contacting sales
.
Can I use both the Experimentation add-on and the Data Export add-on?
+
Yes, you pay per event that is sent for Experimentation and/or to the Data Export add-on.
Build products customers love.
Get a demo
Contact sales
Inboxes love LaunchDarkly.
Make sure you get all the content, tips, and news you can use.
Work email
Yes, send me emails.
Twitter
LinkedIn
Meetup
YouTube
Instagram
© 2024 Catamorphic Co.
Support
Support home
Request Support
Professional Services
Documentation
Status
Why Us
ROI of Feature Management
Trust & Security
LaunchDarkly vs. Competitors
LaunchDarkly on AWS
Economic Impact of LaunchDarkly
Company
About Us
Careers
Media & Analysts
Partner Program
Terms & Policies
Contact Us
LaunchDarkly.org
Community
Inboxes love LaunchDarkly.
Make sure you get all the content, tips, and news you can use.
