Need a custom solution?
Our Enterprise plans are designed to fit your needs.
Contact us for pricing
Volume discounts
Multi-year custom contracts
Guaranteed support response SLA
Contractual uptime guarantee
Invoice based billing
Batteries included.
WorkOS allows your app to easily connect to the services needed to support your next enterprise customer.
Get started for free
No credit card required
Single Sign-On
Integrate with any identity provider that supports SAML or OpenID Connect.
Use your existing database & user management
All major identity providers supported
Free Google and Microsoft OAuth
Integrates into your existing login UX / UI
Directory Sync
Add user lifecycle management from SCIM and HRIS providers.
Provision and de-provision users and groups
Supports all SCIM-based directories
Custom role mapping
Realtime updates with webhooks
Admin Portal
Enable IT admins to have a self-serve onboarding experience.
Generate private onboarding URLs
Up-to-date set up docs with screenshots
Supports all identity providers and directories
Custom domain and branding available
Audit Logs
Ingest and export audit log events from your applications.
Complete APIs for event ingestion + export
Self-serve UI for search, filtering, and exporting
Export events as a CSV file
Stream events to third party SIEM providers
Multi-Factor Authentication
Integrate with any identity provider that supports SAML or OpenID Connect.
Supports time-based one-time passcodes (TOTP)
Use SMS codes or authenticator apps
Customize SMS message templates
Works with any session strategy
Magic Link
Passwordless sign-in via emails with ephemeral magic links.
Generate secure ephemeral sign-in URLs
Customizable email templates
Use your existing email provider
Use your existing database and user management
Frequently asked questions
What's a connection?
A connection represents the relationship between WorkOS and any group of end users. Each enterprise customer you’ll be supporting SSO or Directory Sync is counted as one connection.
Does the number of end users affect pricing?
No, each connection at WorkOS is billed the same, regardless of the identity provider (IdP), directory service used, or the total number of end users.
Can I try WorkOS before paying for it?
WorkOS is free to get started and you don't even need to add a credit card until you move a connection from the Sandbox to the Production environment.
What's the difference between Sandbox and Production?
The Sandbox environment is made for testing your integrations, while the Production environment is built for live applications that use real customer data.
Can I use Admin Portal without customizing it?
Yes, Admin Portal is fully functional without customization and is included in the Pay-as-you-go plan. Reach out to us to enable customization as part of the Enterprise plan.
Are Magic Link and OAuth really free?
Yes, there's no catch here. We provide unlimited magic link email authentication and OAuth sign in (from Google and Microsoft) 100% free of charge.
Still have questions?
We can help can help with everything from technical best practices to plans and pricing.
Schedule a call
Why WorkOS?
Expand your market
In the past, building for the enterprise was complex, time-consuming, and distracting from core features. Deals would slip away, perhaps forever, due to requirements from IT admins.
With WorkOS, you can immediately begin selling to enterprise customers and expand your market footprint.
Watch: Crossing the
Enterprise Chasm
What happens if you don’t become Enterprise Ready?
Developer’s Guide to SSO
New to implementing Single Sign-On? This guide covers it all.
Read more
Secure, out of the box
WorkOS is SOC 2 certified, GDPR, and CCPA compliant.
Learn more
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. Please accept the use of cookies on this site. You can review our cookie policy here
and our privacy policy here
If you choose to refuse, functionality of this site will be limited.
Accept
Opt-out
