What’s included
WorkOS allows your app to easily connect to the services needed to support your next enterprise customer.
Get started for free
No credit card required
Single Sign-On
Supports SAML and OpenID Connect
Multiple identity providers per enterprise
Use your existing database & user management
All major identity providers supported
Integrates into your existing login UX/UI
Directory Sync
Supports SCIM-based directories
Integrates into HRIS systems
Full user lifecycle management
Provision/de-provision users and groups
Realtime updates with webhooks
Magic Link
Passwordless sign-in via email
Secure ephemerial sign-in urls
Use with or without SSO
Customize your email template
Use your own email provider
Admin Portal
Onboarding for enterprise customers
Up-to-date set up docs with screenshots
Supports all identity providers and directories
Hosted on your domain (CNAME)
Can be branded to match your app
Multi-Factor Auth
Time-based one-time passcodes
Support authenticator apps
SMS-based passcodes
Customizable SMS templates
Works with any session strategy
Integration Support
Private channel for your team via Slack
Personalized support from WorkOS
Talk directly with our product and success teams
Support for all WorkOS products
New feature announcements in real-time
Trusted by
Frequently asked questions
What's a connection?
A connection represents the relationship between WorkOS and any group of end users. Each enterprise customer you’ll be supporting SSO or Directory Sync is counted as one connection.
Does the number of end users affect pricing?
No, each connection at WorkOS is billed the same, regardless of the identity provider (IdP), directory service used, or the total number of end users.
Can I try WorkOS before paying for it?
WorkOS is free to get started and you don't even need to add a credit card until you move a connection from the Sandbox to the Production environment.
What's the difference between Sandbox and Production?
The Sandbox environment is made for testing your integrations, while the Production environment is built for live applications that use real customer data.
Can I use Admin Portal without customizing it?
Definitely! The $499 fee is only applied for those who want to customize the Admin Portal branding. You can use it for free with the WorkOS branding.
Are Magic Link and OAuth really free?
Yes, there's no catch here. We provide unlimited magic link email authentication and OAuth sign in (from Google and Microsoft) 100% free of charge.
Why WorkOS?
Expand your market
In the past, building for the enterprise was complex, time-consuming, and distracting from core features. Deals would slip away, perhaps forever, due to requirements from IT admins.
With WorkOS, you can immediately begin selling to enterprise customers and expand your market footprint.
Watch: Crossing the
Enterprise Chasm
What happens if you don’t become Enterprise Ready?
Developer's Guide to SSO
New to implementing Single Sign-On? This guide covers it all.
Read more
Secure, out of the box
WorkOS is SOC 2 certified, GDPR, and CCPA compliant.
Learn more
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. Please accept the use of cookies on this site. You can review our cookie policy here
and our privacy policy here
If you choose to refuse, functionality of this site will be limited.
Accept
Opt-out
