Product
Community Edition
The leading Open-Source Headless CMS
Enterprise Edition
A self-hosted and Enterprise-ready Edition
Marketplace
A Marketplace of plugins to add features or integrations.
Strapi Cloud
A fully managed platform for your Strapi apps
Content Types Builder
Structured yet flexible content
Media Library
Advanced Media Management
Roles & Permissions
Granular access controls
Internationalization
Powerful Multilingual websites
Technologies
Solutions
Developers
Integrate Strapi with your favorite tools
Content Managers
Manage Content Autonomously
Business teams
Unlock the benefit of structured content
Ecommerce
Level up your eCommerce experiences
Corporate Site
Manage your brand narrative
Mobile applications
One CMS, any devices
User stories
Discover who use Strapi
Financial Services
Build trustful relations with your customers
Tech and Business Services
Deliver faster digital experiences for your clients
Telco, Media, and Gaming
Create and manage content on any platform
All integrations
Community
Strapi Community Stars
Meet the Strapi experts and top contributors
Write for the Community
Get paid to share your technical expertise
Strapi Community Discord
Connect with fellow community members
Events
Upcoming and On-demand Events
Meetup Program
Strapi user groups to learn, share and collaborate
StrapiConf
Learn more about our annual user conference
Forum
Discuss, ask questions and find answers
Blog
Latest Strapi news & updates
Tutorials
A collection of Strapi tutorials
Showcase
Get inspiration from Strapi references
Connect
Docs
Pricing
Cloud
Pricing
A fully managed, composable, and collaborative platform to boost your team velocity
Batteries included but swappable. No need to sacrifice customization for ease of deployment and scalability.
Self-hosted
Hosted on your own servers.
Cloud
We host Strapi for you.
Pro
$ 99
$99/month/project
For small projects
Cloud
Create a project
Pro
Everything in Community, plus...
10 seats
100,000 CMS Entries
Built-in Email provider
Global CDN
Real-time logs
Email / In App Notifications
Team
$ 499
$499/month/project
For larger projects and teams
Cloud
Create a project
Team
Everything in Pro, plus...
20 seats
1,000,000 CMS Entries
Higher storage & bandwidth limits
Audit logs (7 days)
Review workflows (Coming soon)
FROM STARTUPS TO FORTUNE 500S, INNOVATING TEAMS TRUST STRAPI
Frequently Asked Questions
What are Strapi project prerequisites to run on Strapi Cloud at the moment?
Before you can deploy your Strapi application on Strapi Cloud, you need to have the following prerequisites: Strapi version 4.7.x or higher and your project source code available on GitHub. Please refer to the developer documentation
for more information.
Will I be able to migrate from CE or EE to Cloud easily?
Public SA Link: https://support.strapi.io/support/solutions/articles/67000712003-will-i-be-able-to-easily-migrate-from-ce-or-ee-to-cloud-
Any self-hosted Strapi project can be hosted on Strapi Cloud. The migration process from self-hosted to Cloud will heavily depend on your Strapi version, database and asset storage setup. Once you receive the beta invite, what you’ll need to do is create an account and link your GitHub repository with a new Strapi Cloud project. Support for GitLab / Bitbucket repositories will come in Q2 or Q3 2023.
A dedicated call with your Account Executive / Manager will be required as there are significant differences in terms of pricing and support coverage. In short, Strapi Cloud pricing is usage-based as opposed to our Self-Hosted Enterprise Edition which is user-based.
Do you only host Strapi instance or can we still connect to say AWS for our S3 Object Storage?
Strapi Cloud is custom-made to host Strapi CMS and provides a CDN and database out of the box. That being said, you will be able to connect 3rd party services such as object storage providers via integrations.
Where are Strapi Cloud servers located? Do we have short-term plans to open up other regions soon?
All the apps (dashboard, data assets) are currently located in NYC. We do plan to make the region choice an option for GA (April 30th)
Do you use a Cloud provider under the hood?
Yes, we are working in collaboration with DigitalOcean. That said, we have developed a lot of the infrastructure optimizations ourselves and include a lot more value than just hosting as part of our Strapi Cloud offering such as advanced developer / content editing experiences, security & compliance features, support and services.
Do you plan to have a free tier?
Yes it is very likely that we will have a free tier that will be introduced in the 2nd half of 2023.
Here’s what people have to say about us
Strapi has turned out to be a great choice so far: technical setup was really quick, and in a few days we were able to have a drafted site up & running, leveraging Strapi main functionalities.
Jérôme Chauveau, DevOps Team Lead
Our partnership with the Strapi team enables us to give more flexibility and velocity to our product, marketing & customer care teams to manage content on the platform.
Francois Duprat, CPO
Strapi and Next.js both build on the same philosophy: open source is the path to success. Combine them with Vercel deployment and you have a stack with virtually infinite scalability, global performance, and security.
Guillermo Rauch, CEO
Strapi has turned out to be a great choice so far: technical setup was really quick, and in a few days we were able to have a drafted site up & running, leveraging Strapi main functionalities.
Jérôme Chauveau, DevOps Team Lead
Our partnership with the Strapi team enables us to give more flexibility and velocity to our product, marketing & customer care teams to manage content on the platform.
Francois Duprat, CPO
Strapi and Next.js both build on the same philosophy: open source is the path to success. Combine them with Vercel deployment and you have a stack with virtually infinite scalability, global performance, and security.
Guillermo Rauch, CEO
