Railway
Hobby
For hobbyist developers looking to showcase their side projects.
$ 5 /mo
Minimum Spend
Includes $5 of usage monthly
8 GB RAM / 8 vCPU per service
Single developer workspace
Community support
7-day log history
Global regions New!
Sign Up for Railway
Pro ⓘ
For professional developers and teams shipping to production.
$ 20 /mo
Minimum Spend
Includes $20 of usage monthly New!
32 GB RAM / 32 vCPU per service
Unlimited team seats included New!
Railway Support (1 Business Day)
30-day log history
SOC2 compliance report
Multiple concurrent regions
Deploy with Pro
Enterprise Add-Ons
Add-ons are available with monthly minimum spends.
$ 500+ /mo
Minimum spend
Support SLOs at $500 spend New!
90-day log history at $500 spend
HIPAA BAAs at $1,000 spend
Dedicated VMs at $10,000 spend New!
Contact Us
ⓘ 80% or more of your total usage needs to be on Railway Metal. Read the docs
to learn more.
Not ready to commit? Try the Free Trial
to get started deploying with Railway.
Pay for compute not servers
Resources are billed per minute — only pay for what you actually use
Memory
$
10
Per GB / month
$0.000231 / GB / minute
CPU
$
20
Per vCPU core / month
$0.000463 / vCPU / minute
Network Egress
$
0.05
New!
Per GB used
$0.000000047683716 / KB
Persistent Storage
Persistent storage is billed monthly based on usage.
Persistent Volume
$
0.15
New!
Per GB / month
Goodbye, over-provisioning
We know not all workloads fit into the same box, so we got rid of the box entirely. On Railway, usage-based pricing means you only pay for the compute you actually use.
You don’t pay for idle CPU or memory
No need to pre-plan your builds costs — builds are free
All services get a private network, no need to set it up
All plans include
GitHub and CLI Deploys
Automatically deploy every time you push every change to your repo.
Secrets and local dev experience
Keep Dev, Staging, Prod, and PR-256 separate.
Persistent Storage
Persistent data for your services running on Railway.
Database Management Console
Easily manage your database with a built-in UI. Add tables and edit data with ease.
Real-time logs and metrics
Get up-to-the-second logs and metrics for all your services, DBs, and plugins.
Config as Code
Prefer to stay in the terminal? Your code is your infrastructure.
Usage Limits
Instant rollbacks
Railway API
Wildcard domains
Shared variables
2FA + Session tracking
Zero-downtime deploys
Healthchecks
Staged changes
Lightning fast builds
Templates + publishing
Dockerfile deploys
Examples
Resource-Based
Lightweight server
HTTP server that echos the request
CPU
RAM
Network Egress
Volume
Cost is estimated based on similar projects hosted on Railway
Commonly Asked:
Which plan is right for me?
Hobby is for indie hackers and developers to build and deploy personal projects
Pro is for professional developers and their teams shipping to production.
Enterprise is for dev teams building and deploying production applications with large instance size, SLA, and/or compliance needs.
How do I get started with the free Trial?
If you do not already have a Railway account, you can sign up for a free Trial by clicking Login on railway.com
.
How does the Trial work?
When you sign up for the free Trial, you will receive a one-time grant of $5 in credits that you can use to try out Railway. The credits will be applied towards any usage on the platform and do not expire. If you upgrade to a plan while you still have a credit balance from the trial, the remaining balance will carry over to your new plan.
How does the Hobby plan included usage work?
Your Hobby plan subscription includes $5 of usage per month. If your total usage at the end of your billing period is $5 or less, you will not be charged for usage. If your total usage exceeds $5 in any given billing period, you will be charged the delta.
Does included usage on Hobby accumulate?
Included usage is reset at the end of every billing cycle and does not accumulate over time.
How can I get a receipt?
When you make a payment, you will receive an email with your invoice and receipt attached. You can also find your billing history in Account -> Billing
.
How to add company details on my invoice?
Head to Account -> Billing
and click ‘Manage Subscription’. From there, you can update your billing information, including billing address and Tax ID.
What payment methods are accepted?
Railway accepts credit cards for plan subscriptions, usage, and to purchase prepaid credits. We support invoice payments for customers on the Enterprise plan.
Can I try Railway without a credit card?
Yes. As a new Railway user, you can sign up for a free Trial. You will receive a one-time grant of $5 to use on resources.
Can I upgrade or downgrade at any time?
You can upgrade any time, and when you do, you will get to the features of your new plan, as well as access to more powerful resources, immediately. When you downgrade, the changes will take effect at the beginning of your next billing cycle.
What happens when I cancel my subscription?
When you cancel your subscription, if you're on Hobby or Pro, your plan will remain active through the end of your current billing period, and any usage will be charged at the end of the period. If you are on the Hobby plan and using prepaid credits as your payment method, your subscription will be canceled immediately and any credit balance you may have will be forfeited.
For more information, check out the docs
.
