Railway
Pay-per-use pricing for every single workload
No provisioning servers. No paying for unused resources. Just pay for what your app uses and not a penny more.
Talk to Sales
See your savings
Memory
$ 10 per GB / mo
CPU
$ 20 per vCPU / mo
Volumes
$ 0.15 per GB / mo
Egress
$ 0.05 per GB used / mo
“ Moved a project from DigitalOcean costing approx $80 per month to Railway. Estimate cost for the month... $3. ”
Jonny Domstack
Developer
“ For us this was $400 > $100/month after moving most services to Railway Metal. ”
Wilson Wilson
Cofounder at Senja
“ Our users have grown 10x and the cost has been reduced by more than 80%. ”
Yogini Bende
Cofounder at Peerlist
“ We went from $2000 on AWS to <$200 on Railway. ”
Jonah Seguin
Cofounder at sock8
“ Moved a project from DigitalOcean costing approx $80 per month to Railway. Estimate cost for the month... $3. ”
Jonny Domstack
Developer
“ For us this was $400 > $100/month after moving most services to Railway Metal. ”
Wilson Wilson
Cofounder at Senja
“ Our users have grown 10x and the cost has been reduced by more than 80%. ”
Yogini Bende
Cofounder at Peerlist
Monthly plans that scale with you
Includes $5 of usage monthly
Up to 8 GB RAM / 8 vCPU per service
Single developer workspace
Community support
Global regions
Get Started
Includes $20 of usage monthly
Up to 32 GB RAM / 32 vCPU per service
Unlimited team seats included
Priority support
Concurrent global regions
Deploy with Pro
90-day log history
Direct support channel
HIPAA BAAs
Support SLOs
Dedicated VMs
Talk to Sales
Not ready to commit? Start with a 30-day Free Trial
and get $5 in credits to explore.
90-Day Log History
Extended log retention for better historical analysis and auditing.
$200
Direct Support Channel
Top-tier enterprise support with a direct Slack channel to access our team for faster help.
$500
HIPAA BAAs
HIPAA Business Associate Agreements for compliant health data handling.
$1,000
Support SLOs
Prioritized support with faster response times and direct access to our on-call team for critical issues.
$2,000
Dedicated VMs
Custom dedicated infrastructure for enhanced performance and control.
$10,000
Want it now? Unlock instantly with a monthly commitment.
Talk to Sales
Compare features
Hobby
Get Started
Pro
Deploy with Pro
Enterprise
Talk to Sales
Resources
RAM
8 GB
32 GB
64 GB
CPU
8 vCPU
Up to 32 vCPU
Beyond 32 vCPU
Ephemeral storage
10 GB
100 GB
Volume storage
5 GB
250 GB
2 TB
Image size
100 GB
Features
Log retention
7 days
30 days
90 days
Team seats
1
Unlimited
Regions
Custom domains
2
20
Unlimited
Support
Community support
Priority support
SLOs
Security
SOC 2
HIPAA BAA
You're likely overpaying for cloud. Let's fix that.
Because Railway operates with pay-per-use billing, most customers will save ~40% depending on their current cloud provider.
1
Share your bill from another cloud provider
2
We'll re-price it with Railway's usage-based model
3
Get your savings delivered to your inbox
Drop your PDF here
Your name
Work email
How did you hear about us?
Select an option
Referral/Word of Mouth
AI Chat (ChatGPT, Claude, etc)
Search (Google, etc)
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter / X
Youtube
Social - Other
Github
Other
What is your current monthly infrastructure spend?
Select an option
<$250 per month
$500 - $999 per month
$1,000 - $4,999 per month
$5,000 - $9,999 per month
$10,000+ per month
Unlock my savings
Commonly Asked Questions
Which plan is right for me?
Hobby is for indie hackers and developers to build and deploy personal projects
Pro is for professional developers and their teams shipping to production.
Enterprise is for dev teams building and deploying production applications with large instance size, SLA, and/or compliance needs.
How do I get started with the free Trial?
If you do not already have a Railway account, you can sign up for a free Trial by clicking Login on railway.com
.
How does the Trial work?
When you sign up for the free Trial, you will receive a one-time grant of $5 in credits that you can use to try out Railway. The credits will be applied towards any usage on the platform and expire in 30 days. If you upgrade to a plan while you still have a credit balance from the trial, the remaining balance will carry over to your new plan.
How does the Hobby plan included usage work?
Your Hobby plan subscription includes $5 of usage per month. If your total usage at the end of your billing period is $5 or less, you will not be charged for usage. If your total usage exceeds $5 in any given billing period, you will be charged the delta.
Does included usage on Hobby accumulate?
Included usage is reset at the end of every billing cycle and does not accumulate over time.
How can I get a receipt?
When you make a payment, you will receive an email with your invoice and receipt attached. You can also find your billing history in Account -> Billing
.
How to add company details on my invoice?
Head to Account -> Billing
and click ‘Manage Subscription’. From there, you can update your billing information, including billing address and Tax ID.
What payment methods are accepted?
Railway accepts credit cards for plan subscriptions, usage, and to purchase prepaid credits. We support invoice payments for customers on the Enterprise plan.
Can I try Railway without a credit card?
Yes. As a new Railway user, you can sign up for a free Trial. You will receive a one-time grant of $5 to use on resources.
Can I upgrade or downgrade at any time?
You can upgrade any time, and when you do, you will get to the features of your new plan, as well as access to more powerful resources, immediately. When you downgrade, the changes will take effect at the beginning of your next billing cycle.
What happens when I cancel my subscription?
When you cancel your subscription, if you're on Hobby or Pro, your plan will remain active through the end of your current billing period, and any usage will be charged at the end of the period. If you are on the Hobby plan and using prepaid credits as your payment method, your subscription will be canceled immediately and any credit balance you may have will be forfeited.
For more information, check out the docs.
.
