Find the plan that’s right for your team
Get started for free. Change anytime.
Weekly Office Hours
View Demo
What is your error event volume?
5K /mo
Yearly
(get 2 months free)
Free
$ 0 /mo
Event limit exceeded
All the basic features that help you discover, predict, and remediate errors
Get Started
5,000 error events monthly
Real-time feed and alerts
Intelligent error grouping
Stack traces and telemetry
Deploy and version tracking
Data retention - 30 days
Essentials
$ 12.50 /mo
for 25K event volume Event limit exceeded
Everything you need to find and fix production errors without relying on user reports and logs
Start Free Trial
Everything in Free plus: On-demand Events
Data retention - Custom up to 90 days
Advanced
$ 24.17 /mo
for 25K event volume Event limit exceeded
For larger teams and microservices architectures
Start Free Trial
Everything in Essentials plus: Adaptive Alerts
Cross-project search
Cross-project live feed
Enhanced account dashboard
Rollbar Analyze: RQL + Metrics API
Data retention - Custom up to 180 days
Enterprise
Contact Sales
For organizations with enterprise requirements and 50M events or more per month
Get in Touch
Tailor to your needs: Core features included
Rollbar Analyze: RQL + Metrics API (add-on)
SCIM provisioning
High volume
Priority support and SLAs
Purchase via GCP or AWS Marketplace (optional)
Compare plans
Free Free
Essentials Ess
Advanced Adv
Enterprise Ent
Platform and data access
SDKs for server, client, & mobile? Open source, lightweight, and agentless SDKs for all major languages and frameworks.
Unlimited projects? A project in Rollbar typically maps to a single deployable app/microservice or code repo.
Custom
Unlimited users? Everyone in your team should have access to Rollbar.
Custom
Included event volume? The number of error, warning, info and debug events included each month.
5,000 / month
25K - 4M / month
25K - 10M / month
Custom
Maximum data retention? We don't sample your data. Your full error data is securely stored with us.
30 days
90 days
180 days
Custom
Customizable data retention? Set a custom retention period for your Rollbar data to any length between 7 to 180 days.
Custom
On-demand events? On a paid plan, option to continue to capture error, warning, debug and info events beyond your included event volume
Customizable rate limits? Set granular rate limits to keep costs in check.
REST API + Terraform provider? You can use Rollbar via REST API, Terraform provider alongside or instead of the web UI.
Rollbar Analyze: RQL + Metrics API? You can add-on Rollbar Analyze: RQL + Metrics API. *Additional Cost Applies
Add-on
Monitoring and alerting
Account dashboard? See a consolidated view of all projects in your account.
Enhanced account dashboard? The enhanced dashboard includes deploy markers to help you correlate deploys to errors.
Real-time error feed? A real-time feed of errors for your project that comes with powerful search and filters.
Cross-project error feed? A real-time feed of errors from all your projects (apps/services) on a single screen.
Intelligent error grouping? Rollbar groups similar errors automatically to reduce noise, using our ML-powered grouping engine. Add your own custom rules to make it perfect.
Real-time alerts via Slack, email, webhook, & more? Get instant notifications when errors occur in collaboration tools you're using.
Real-time alerts via on-call tools like PagerDuty, VictorOps, OpsGenie? Get instant notifications when errors occur in on-call incident management tools.
Forward Rollbar data to Datadog? Syndicate Rollbar data to Datadog for centralized visibility.
Adaptive Alerts? Reliable, informative, and actionable notifications about unexpected issues in monitored applications and services. Adaptive Alerts notify you about atypical exception rates.
Service Links Per Project? Service links allow you to link out to external data related to the error data sent to Rollbar.
1
5
Unlimited
Impact analysis & issue tracking
Contextual metadata: impacted users, regions, browsers, & more? All the data you need to understand the impact of an error.
Rollbar Analyze: RQL + Metrics API for custom data analysis? Use a rich SQL-like interface to perform data analysis and build custom reports.
Add-on
Watch and assign errors? Triage an error directly in Rollbar: assign it to a developer and get status updates.
Auto-create issue tickets in Jira, Asana, Pivotal Tracker, & more? Automatically create an issue ticket in issue tracking tools.
Auto-resolve tickets when the error is resolved in Rollbar? Automatically resolve an issue ticket when the error is marked resolved in Rollbar.
Resolve errors via commit? Use Git commit messages to automatically resolve errors in Rollbar when you deploy the commit.
Data and context for debugging
Stack traces, request and custom params, local var values, & more? Rollbar captures and organizes all the detailed data you need to debug an error.
Telemetry? Telemetry shows you a timeline of all the events that happened leading to the error. It's like a black box recorder, but for errors.
Source maps, symbolication, and ProGuard support? Rollbar works with minified JavaScript, iOS dSYMs, and Android/Java ProGuard.
View source code via GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket integration? Get links to the offending line of code directly inside the stack trace.
Track deploys via integration with Jenkins, CircleCI, & more? Notify Rollbar every time you deploy to get deploy-related metadata on errors.
Versions: track the impact of all deployed code versions? See new and reactivated errors across all projects, by deployed code version. Great for frequent deployments.
Similar and co-occurring errors? See similar and co-occurring errors for any particular error.
Community solutions on errors? Make use of community-provided knowledge base solutions when debugging an error.
Security & administration
Two-factor authentication
Disk-based encryption at rest? All your data is protected by encryption both at rest and in transit.
GDPR compliance
Basic SSO via Google and GitHub? Allow users to login to Rollbar using Google or GitHub credentials.
SAML SSO via Okta, Azure, and more
SCIM User provisioning? Manage and provision Rollbar users directly from Okta, OneLogin, Azure AD, and more
Enterprise security controls
Audit controls
Standard BAA for HIPAA? Rollbar is HIPAA-compliant and will sign a Business Associate Agreement with you.
Add-on
Custom BAA for HIPAA? For customers needing a custom BAA
Support & services
Email and chat support? Email and chat support for all. We generally respond in 24 hours or less.
Priority support
Onboarding concierge
Custom SLAs
Option to purchase through AWS Marketplace
$ 0 /mo
Get Started
Starting at $ 12.5 /mo
Start Free Trial
Starting at $ 29 /mo
Start Free Trial
Chat with us
Get in Touch
What's an event?
An event in Rollbar is a single exception, message, error, warning, debug, info, or crash report sent to the Rollbar API. Events that are dropped because of a specified rate limit or account limits, don’t count.
How does the free trial work?
The trial includes all Advanced features as well as unlimited events. Your 14-day trial starts when you send your first event. After the trial ends, you can subscribe to a paid plan that best fits your needs, or downgrade to the Free plan.
What if I exceed my plan's events per month?
We’ll continue to process your events and charge you a per event fee based on your plan level. If it becomes more economical for you to be on a higher plan level, we’ll automatically upgrade you. You may also choose to stop processing data once your monthly event limit is reached. Learn more about billing.
What if I decide to cancel?
You can upgrade, downgrade to another plan, or cancel at any time in the settings panel. Once cancelled, you will no longer be charged.
I have specific needs. Do you have a custom plan?
Absolutely. Contact our sales team
to learn more about our custom plans and enterprise features.
