Skip to content
Was this helpful?
What did you like?
Accurate
Easy to understand
Solved my problem
Helped me decide to use the product
Other
What went wrong?
Hard to understand
Incorrect information
Missing the information
Other
Thank you for helping improve Cloudflare's documentation!
Limits
Below are limits observed by the Cloudflare Free plan. For more details on removing these limits, refer to the Cloudflare plans ↗
page.
Need a higher limit?
To request an adjustment to a limit, complete the Limit Increase Request Form ↗
If the limit can be increased, Cloudflare will contact you with next steps.
Builds
Each time you push new code to your Git repository, Pages will build and deploy your site. You can build up to 500 times per month on the Free plan. Refer to the Pro and Business plans in Pricing ↗
if you need more builds.
Builds will timeout after 20 minutes. Concurrent builds are counted per account.
Custom domains
Based on your Cloudflare plan type, a Pages project is limited to a specific number of custom domains. This limit is on a per-project basis.
Free
Pro
Business
Enterprise
100
250
500
500 1
Files
Pages uploads each file on your site to Cloudflare's globally distributed network to deliver a low latency experience to every user that visits your site. Cloudflare Pages sites can contain up to 20,000 files.
File size
The maximum file size for a single Cloudflare Pages site asset is 25 MiB.
Larger Files
To serve larger files, consider uploading them to R2
and utilizing the public bucket
feature. You can also use custom domains
such as static.example.com, for serving these files.
Headers
A _headers file can have a maximum of 100 header rules.
An individual header in a _headers file can have a maximum of 2,000 characters. For managing larger headers, it is recommended to implement Pages Functions
.
Preview deployments
You can have an unlimited number of preview deployments
active on your project at a time.
Redirects
A _redirects file can have a maximum of 2,000 static redirects and 100 dynamic redirects, for a combined total of 2,100 redirects. It is recommended to use Bulk Redirects
when you have a need for more than the _redirects file supports.
Users
Your Pages site can be managed by an unlimited number of users via the Cloudflare dashboard. Note that this does not correlate with your Git project – you can manage both public and private repositories, open issues, and accept pull requests via without impacting your Pages site.
Projects
Cloudflare Pages has a soft limit of 100 projects within your account in order to prevent abuse. If you need this limit raised, contact your Cloudflare account team or use the Limit Increase Request Form at the top of this page.
In order to protect against abuse of the service, Cloudflare may temporarily disable your ability to create new Pages projects, if you are deploying a large number of applications in a short amount of time. Contact support if you need this limit increased.
Footnotes
If you need more custom domains, contact your account team. ↩
Was this helpful?
What did you like?
Accurate
Easy to understand
Solved my problem
Helped me decide to use the product
Other
What went wrong?
Hard to understand
Incorrect information
Missing the information
Other
Thank you for helping improve Cloudflare's documentation!
Cloudflare Dashboard
Discord
Community
Learning Center
Support Portal
Cookie Settings
