Time for a new password manager? We'll credit you for any remaining time on your current bill.
Let's talk
Individual
Take control of your online security.
$ 2. 99
New price is $2.99
USD per month, when annual billing is selected.
Try FREE for 14 days
Use on all your devices
Unlimited items
1GB secure storage
Families
Peace of mind for you and the whole family.
$ 4. 99
New price is $4.99
USD per month, when annual billing is selected.
Try FREE for 14 days
5 family members
Simple admin experience
Friendly, expert support
Best value for up to 10 users
Teams Starter Pack
Protect up to 10 team members.
$ 19. 95
New price is $19.95
USD per month.
Try FREE for 14 days
Built-in risk detection
Selective sharing
Friendly, expert support
Business
Security that adapts to your business.
$ 7. 99
New price is $7.99
USD per user, per month, when annual billing is selected.
Try FREE for 14 days
Get a quote
Integrate with Azure AD, OneLogin, Slack, Duo, and more
Reporting, admin controls, and custom security policies
Secure enterprise access management
Password and secrets management
Everything from Business, plus dedicated support for smooth rollouts and wall-to-wall adoption.
Dedicated account manager
Tailor-made setup training
Onboarding engineer
Get a quote
1Password® Extended Access Management (XAM)
The first and only comprehensive solution for businesses of all sizes to secure every sign-in for every app on every device.
Workforce identity
Application insights
Device trust
Enterprise password management
Get a quote
Trusted by over 150,000 businesses
1Password feature comparison (1Password XAM not included)
What’s included
Individual
Families
Teams
Business
USAGE
Included users
1
5
10
1
Add additional users
$1/user/month
$7.99/user/month
Document storage space per user
1GB
5GB
Number of items and devices
Unlimited
Apps for macOS, iOS (and watchOS), Windows, Android, Linux, and your Command Line
Browser extensions for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Brave, and Safari
Developer Tools (Visual Studio Code extension, SSH key management, Git commit signing, integrations, and more)
CONVENIENCE
Create, save, and autofill login credentials, addresses, credit cards, and more
Temporarily share individual items with anyone (even if they don't use 1Password!)
Organize stored items using tags, categories, and collections
Restore recently deleted or previous versions of any item
Protect your email address by using Masked Email from Fastmail within 1Password
Friendly support through email, forum, or social media
Dedicated business support
SECURITY
Unique dual-layer encryption for end-to-end protection
SOC II Type 2 certified
GDPR compliant
Get actionable security alerts from your Watchtower dashboard
Hide selected vaults when crossing borders using Travel mode
Identify threats with domain breach report
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
Guest accounts for vault sharing
5
20
Unlimited shared vaults for team or family members
Manage view and access permissions for shared vaults
Help others recover their account if they get locked out
INTEGRATIONS
Unlock with Single Sign-On (SSO)
Provisioning with Azure AD, Google Workspace, Okta, OneLogin, Rippling, and JumpCloud
Stream events to SIEM tools like Splunk, Elastic, Sumo Logic, and Panther (or build your own integration)
ADDITIONAL BENEFITS FOR BUSINESS
Generate custom reports (usage, breach, account activity)
Priority access to betas and new features
Free Families plan for all users
Create and manage custom groups to organize your team and delegate responsibilities
Complimentary, customized onboarding and training
For accounts with 75+ users
Dedicated Customer Success Manager
For accounts with 75+ users
Get actionable recommendations on potential breaches, password health issues, and team usage with 1Password Insights
Proactively prevent threats and increase compliance with custom security policies
Individual
Included Features
Create, save and autofill logins, credit cards, and more
Store unlimited items across unlimited devices
Apps for every platform
Extensions for every browser
Unique, dual-layer encryption for end-to-end protection
Friendly, 24/7 support
Families
Included Features
Everything from Individual
5 included users (add more for $1/user/month)
Unlimited shared vaults
Manage permissions for shared vaults
Help others recover their account
5 guest accounts for limited sharing
Best value for up to 10 users
Teams
Included Features
10 included users
Unlimited shared vaults
Manage permissions for shared vaults
Help others recover their account
5 guest accounts for limited sharing
Friendly, 24/7 support
Business
Included Features
Everything from Teams
1 included user (add more for $7.99/user/month)
Unlock with Single Sign-On (SSO)
Integrate with your identity provider
Stream events to your SOC and SIEM tools
Free Families plan for all users
All 1Password accounts include
Total privacy
Only you can access your data. We don’t use it, we don’t share it, and we don’t sell it. You’re our customer, not our product.
1Password Watchtower
Receive alerts for compromised websites and vulnerable passwords so you can take action to stay secure.
Travel Mode
Remove sensitive data from your devices when you cross borders, and restore access with a click when you arrive.
Unrivaled support
Whenever you need it, our global team is here to help. Get free, one-on-one support from the 1Password team.
Digital wallet
Securely store credit and debit cards, online banking information, and associated logins so you can fill them from any device.
Advanced encryption
Our security recipe starts with AES-256 bit encryption and uses multiple techniques to protect your data at rest and in transit.
Frequently asked questions
What's the difference between 1Password Teams and 1Password Business?
You can secure a team of up to 10 for a flat monthly price with 1Password Teams, making it the best value for small teams. For larger teams, 1Password Business combines comprehensive protection with granular controls. Integrate with your identity provider, create audit trails with usage reports, and create, manage, and enforce administrative and security policies at scale.
Does 1Password have a free version?
1Password is free to try for 14 days, so you have plenty of time to decide if it’s right for you. At the end of your free 14-day trial, you can choose a plan that best suits your needs.
If you simply want to generate a strong, unique username and password, try our free online password generator
and username generator
.
How much does 1Password cost per year?
Depending on your choice of plan, 1Password costs as little as $36 USD per year for an individual, or $60 USD per year for a family of five. Business pricing scales based on how many people are on your team.
Is 1Password worth the money?
Only you can decide, but since over 80% of cybersecurity incidents involve weak or re-used passwords, we believe using a password manager
that makes it easy to create and use strong passwords across all your devices is one of the single most important investments you can make in your security.
And 1Password is far more than just a password manager. 1Password lets you store and use all kinds of login credentials, along with payment information, private documents, software licenses, and much more. You'll also get access to alerts if any of your logins are involved in a data breach, as well as ways to securely share and collaborate with others – even if they don't use 1Password.
At home and at work, 1Password makes it easy to protect your people, with intuitive apps backed by world-class support and an uncompromising approach to upholding the security and privacy of your data.
Does 1Password work on all my devices?
1Password works everywhere you do, and then some. Apps are available for macOS, iOS, Windows, Android, Linux, and even the command line. 1Password in your browser seamlessly autofills your information when you need it in Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Brave, and Safari. Download 1Password to get started.
Is 1Password secure?
Yes. Rather than relying on an account password alone, 1Password protects your data with an additional layer of encryption: your unique Secret Key. An attacker wouldn't be able to crack this combination even if they used every computer on Earth to help them.
Find out how our security model keeps you safe.
Getting started is easy, with real help from real people
Smooth the path to adoption with a complimentary, dedicated onboarding team. You’ll also have access to custom setup, training, guided tours, and migration support tailored to your business.
Talk to sales
I have a question
