Skip to Main Content
Ready for a new password manager? We'll credit you for the time left on your current bill.
Let's talk
Choose a plan
Annually
Monthly
Business
Personal
All Plans
USD
CAD
EUR
USD
Tooltip: Data stored in your currency's region
All Plans
Business
Personal
Teams Starter Pack
Secure your small team.
$19.95
USD
up to 10 users per month. Paid annually.
Try FREE for 14 days
Protect up to 10 team members
Actionable security alerts
Domain Breach Report
1Password Developer
Business
Security that adapts to your business.
$7.99
USD
per user, per month. Paid annually.
Talk to sales
Try FREE for 14 days
Includes Teams Starter Pack, plus:
Integrates with Okta, Entra ID, OneLogin, Duo, and more
Advanced reporting, granular admin controls, end-to-end encryption
Friendly, expert phone support
Enterprise
Protect everyone in your organization with enterprise-level security.
Contact sales for custom pricing.
Get a quote
Everything from Business plan, plus:
Dedicated account manager, onboarding and customer success manager
Tailored onboarding and training
Extended trial periods for large implementations
Customized, volume-based pricing
Individual
Take control of your online security.
$2.99
USD
per month. Paid annually.
Try FREE for 14 days
Password generator
Login autofill and sharing
Use on all of your devices
Watchtower security breach checker
Friendly, 24/7 support
Families
Peace of mind for your entire family.
$4.99
USD
per month. Paid annually.
Try FREE for 14 days
Everything from individual plan plus:
5 family members
Simple admin controls
1Password Products
AVAILABLE FOR ALL BUSINESSES
Extended Access Management
Empower teams while maintaining visibility and access controls to secure your organization.
Contact sales for custom pricing
Talk to sales
Everything from Password Manager plans, plus:
Provide secure, seamless logins to managed and unmanaged applications
Ensure every device is known and healthy
Streamline user onboarding and offboarding, even for unmanaged apps
Grant or deny access to applications with contextual access policies
Included in every 1Password account
Industry-leading security
Your data is end-to-end encrypted to keep it safe at rest and in transit. Only you can access your data. We don’t share it, and we don’t sell it.
1Password Watchtower
Receive alerts for compromised websites and vulnerable passwords so you can take action to stay secure.
Storage for more than logins
Securely manage all your important information from addresses and credit cards to SSH keys and API tokens.
Password sharing
Securely share saved passwords and other personal data – and reduce the risk of having one compromised.
Full compatibility
Works on macOS, iOS, Windows, Android, and Linux, as well as Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Brave, and Safari browsers.
Unrivaled support
Whenever you need it, our global team is here to help. Get free resources and support from the 1Password team.
Find the plan for you
Looking for Business Exclusive Benefits?
What's Included
Team Starter Pack
Business
Enterprise
General Info
Number of seats included in base plan
10
1
75
Maximum seats
10
Unlimited seats
Access
Apps for macOS, iOS, watchOS, Windows, Android, Linux
Browser extensions for Chrome, Safari, Edge, Firefox, Brave
Create, save and autofill login credentials, addresses, and credit cards
1Password Developer
Tooltip: SSH workflows, Git commit signing, and CLI & SDKs
Sign in with third-party providers, Apple, X, Facebook, and more
Share securely with anyone even those without 1Password
Temporarily share, expire, and see a history of items shared
Guest accounts for vault sharing
5
20
Streamlined sign-on for both SSO and unmanaged apps
Free Families plan for all users
Access to betas and new business features
Priority
Security
End-to-end AES 256-bit encryption of all vaults, URLs, and data
Two-Key-Derivation using account password and a Secret Key
Secure remote password encrypts data in transit
Two-Factor Authentication, biometrics, passkeys
SOC II Type 2 Certified
Independently audited by third party security experts
Management
Actionable security alerts from your Watchtower dashboard
Identify weak, expiring, or reused passwords, 2FA and passkey availability
Recover your and others' accounts if locked out
Monitor password health issues and team vault usage
Create vault permissions to control access and policies to prevent threats
Manage custom groups to organize your team and delegate responsibilities
Generate custom business reports
Integrations
Unlock with Single Sign-On (SSO)
User and group provisioning with your identity provider
Stream events to SIEM tools (or build your own integration)
Developer integrations (IDE extensions, CI/CD integrations, IaC integrations, and more)
Support
Friendly, 24/7 support through email, forum, and social media
Robust customer support library to help troubleshoot issues
Phone Support: Monday - Friday, 9am - 5pm EST
Complimentary, customized onboarding and training for 75+ users
Dedicated Customer Success Manager for 75+ users
Quarterly and annual business reviews for enterprise customers
Extended trial periods and proof of concepts for enterprise implementations
1Password Business Exclusive Benefits
Provisioning with Azure AD, Google Workspace, Okta, OneLogin, Rippling, and JumpCloud
*
Phone Support: Monday - Friday, 9am - 5pm EST
Create custom policies and monitor 1Password access
Create and manage groups to organize your team and delegate responsibilities
Stream events to SIEM tools like Splunk, Elastic, Sumo Logic, and Panther
Generate custom reports that dive into usage, account activity, and more
Unlock with Single Sign-On (SSO)
Get actionable recommendations on potential breaches, password health issues, and team usage
Free Families memberships for all team members
Customized onboarding and training for the life of your subscription
Dedicated Customer Success Manager for the life of your subscription
Priority access to betas and new business features
Priority
Free password manager trials for business and personal
BUSINESS Secure your company with a free trial
Protect your business with a 14-day trial of our Business plan. It’s time to stop data breaches and shadow IT.
Get started with Business
PERSONAL Free protection for families and individuals
Protect passwords, credit cards, and more. Get a 14-day trial and try everything 1Password has to offer.
Get started with Personal
What could 1Password save your business?
See what independent, third party analysis from Forrester Consulting says.
Read report
150,000 businesses trust 1Password
FAQs
How does 1Password compare to competitors?
Our plan comparison page
makes it easy to compare 1Password with the other guys. See how our pricing and features stack up against the competition.
What's the difference between 1Password Team Starter Pack and 1Password Business?
You can secure a team of up to 10 for a flat monthly price with 1Password Team Starter Pack
making it the best value for small teams. For larger organizations, 1Password Business combines comprehensive protection with granular controls. Integrate with your identity provider, create audit trails with usage reports, and create, manage, and enforce administrative and security policies at scale.
Does 1Password have a free version?
1Password is free to try for 14 days, so you have plenty of time to decide if it’s right for you. At the end of your free 14-day trial, you can choose a plan that best suits your needs.
If you simply want to generate a strong, unique username and password, try our free online password generator
and username generator
.
How much does 1Password cost per year?
Depending on the plan you choose, 1Password pricing can be as little as $36 USD per year for an individual, or $60 USD per year for a family of five. Business pricing scales based on how many people are on your team.
Is 1Password worth the money?
Only you can decide, but since over 80% of cybersecurity incidents involve weak or re-used passwords, we believe using a password manager
that makes it easy to create and use strong passwords across all your devices is one of the single most important investments you can make in your security.
And 1Password is more than just the best password manager. It lets you store and use all kinds of login credentials, payment information, private documents, software licenses, and much more. You'll also get access to alerts if your logins are involved in a data breach
as well as ways to securely share and collaborate with others – even if they don't use 1Password.
1Password makes it easy to protect your people at home and work, with intuitive apps backed by world-class support and an uncompromising approach to upholding the security and privacy of your data.
What discounts does 1Password offer?
We offer discounts for many different situations and organizations, including nonprofits
and journalists
1Password also has customized, volume-based pricing options – please contact us
to learn more.
