Pricing
One tool for your whole company.
Free for teams to try.
Meet the new Notion AI
€0
For individuals to organize personal projects and life
The collaborative workspace lets members easily share pages to the whole team in a shared hierarchy, with granular permissions.
Collaborative workspace
Send information from Notion to Slack, and vice versa. Or connect to Zapier to create automated workflows with the tools you rely on.
Integrate with Slack, GitHub & more
Get actionable insights about who’s viewing and interacting with your content.
Basic page analytics
Restore your page to a previous version.
7 day page history
Collaborate with friends, family & colleagues on your pages.
Invite 10 guests
€9.50
per seat/month For small teams and professionals to work together
Everything in Free +
Blocks are pieces of content you add to a page (e.g. to-do checkboxes, paragraphs, bullet points, etc.).
Unlimited blocks for teams
A per file size limit may apply to any file that you upload to a Notion page or database.
Unlimited file uploads
View and restore past versions of any Notion page from the past 30 days.
30 day page history
Add collaborators external to your organization (like clients or contractors) to specific pages in your workspace.
Invite 100 guests
Create a single source of truth for your team by syncing Jira, GitHub, Asana and more as Notion databases.
Synced databases with 3rd party apps
Customize your top header, choose a light or dark theme, add a custom favicon, and integrate with Google Analytics.
Custom websites
Automate the most tedious parts of your work with database automations.
Custom automations
Visualize data from databases in different ways (e.g. donut, bar, and line charts).
Charts & dashboards
€14
per seat/month For growing businesses to streamline teamwork
Everything in Plus +
Manage employee access at scale with secure single sign-on.
SAML SSO
Create teamspaces that can’t be seen or discovered by anyone except those you add. Great for sensitive information like company planning or performance reviews.
Private teamspaces
Export all your content at once as PDFs. Perfect for legal or compliance backups.
Bulk PDF export
Get actionable insights about who’s viewing and editing your content.
Advanced page analytics
Restore your page to a previous version.
90 day page history
Add collaborators external to your organization (like clients or contractors) to specific pages in your workspace.
Invite 250 guests
For organizations to operate with scalability, control, and security
Everything in Business +
Access the Notion SCIM API to provision and manage users and groups.
User provisioning (SCIM)
Unlock extra permission controls to prevent certain people from sharing pages externally, disable guests, and set workspace-level rules.
Advanced security & controls
Access a detailed log of security and safety-related activity for your workspace account to identify potential security issues, investigate suspicious behavior, or troubleshoot access.
Audit log
Our team of customer success managers are experts to help you get the most out of Notion.
Customer success manager
Get actionable insights about how folks use your Notion workspace, from the most popular pages to overall traffic. Analytics data begins after Enterprise Plan start date.
Workspace analytics
View and restore past versions of any Notion page.
Unlimited page history
Integrate with SIEM and DLP tools to automatically centralize audit logs & set policies to detect sensitive content in your workspace and trigger automated actions to remediate.
Security & Compliance integrations
Add collaborators external to your organization (like clients or contractors) to specific pages in your workspace.
Invite 250 guests
Notion AI Now with AI connectors
Add to your workspace for €7.50 per member/month, billed annually.
€9.50 per member/month billed monthly.
Get started
Read AI FAQ
Connect apps like Slack & Google Drive Beta
Limit the AI’s search to your trusted sources
Generate and edit text in any doc
Autofill databases with summaries & insights
Chat about anything using GPT-4 & Claude
Get started
Read AI FAQ
Plans and features
Free For individuals Sign up
Plus €9.50 per seat/month Get started
Business €14 per seat/month Get started
Enterprise Contact us →
Content
Blocks are pieces of content you add to a page (e.g. to-do checkboxes, paragraphs, bullet points, etc.). Teams who want to try collaborating in Notion can use the Free Plan with up to certain number of blocks before upgrading.
Pages & blocks
Unlimited for individuals, limited block trial for 2+ members
Unlimited
On the Free plan, you can upload images, videos and file attachments up to 5MB each. Upgrade to a paid plan for unlimited file uploads with a ~5GB max per file.
File uploads
Up to 5 MB
Unlimited
Restore your page to a previous version.
Page history
7 days
30 days
90 days
Unlimited
Get actionable insights about who’s viewing and interacting with your content.
Page analytics
Basic
Advanced
Sharing & collaboration
Plan, create, and get organized, together. Share your workspace with multiple people and teams, so everyone can stay aligned in a single place.
Collaborative workspace
Invite individuals outside your organization to collaborate. Guests often include external clients and contractors. Contact Sales for a higher limit.
Guest invites
10
100
250
Starting at 250
Create groups of people according to role or department to streamline page & teamspace permissions.
Permission groups
Create dedicated areas for folks to work together, without creating information silos. People can join the teamspaces that interest them, and leave the ones that don’t.
Teamspaces (open & closed)
Create teamspaces that can’t be seen or discovered by anyone except those you add. Great for sensitive information like company planning or performance reviews.
Teamspaces (private)
Override teamspace permissions for specific people or groups, giving you even more control over who has view vs. edit access to content.
Advanced teamspace permissions
Manage work and time
Connect multiple Google Calendars to manage work and time together.
Notion Calendar
Customize how you see items and tasks.
Views (timeline, boards, calendar, and more)
Add subtasks, and link dependencies.
Subtasks and dependencies
Add unlimited database properties and filters to organize information.
Custom properties and filtering
Add a formula property to run calculations and functions based on other properties.
Formulas
Automatically create pages and new blocks, set status, assignee, and property values, and more.
Automations
Basic (buttons, Slack, sprints)
Custom in databases
Visualize data from databases in different ways (e.g. donut, bar, and line charts).
Charts
1
Unlimited
Capture, organize, and act on responses right inside Notion.
Forms
Unlimited
Unlimited + additional customization
Web publishing
Publish an unlimited number of pages to the web.
Unlimited published pages
Select a custom notion.site domain for your published pages.
notion.site domains
1
5
Turn on search engine indexing for any Site. Upgrade to a paid plan to customize your title and description metadata.
Search engine indexing (SEO)
Basic
Advanced
Set a homepage, customize your Site’s favicon and share preview, build a custom header bar, and set light or dark mode.
Site customizations
Connect with Google Analytics to see page visits and other data about your Site.
Google Analytics integration
Connect a custom domain to your Site and remove Notion branding for $8/month/domain paid annually, or $10/month per domain paid monthly.
Custom domains and branding
Pay per domain
API & integrations
See up-to-date information from Jira, GitHub & Asana, all synced into Notion as a database.
Synced databases Beta
1
Unlimited
See up-to-date information from Jira, GitHub & Asana, all synced into Notion as a database.
Row limit per synced database Beta
100
20,000
Paste a link to a GitHub PR, Jira ticket, Figma artboard & more to add a dynamic preview of content in your docs & notes.
Dynamic link previews
Send information from Notion to Slack, and vice versa. Or connect to Zapier to create automated workflows with the tools you rely on.
Connections to Slack, Zapier, and more
Build bespoke integrations to connect your Notion workspace to internal tools and workflows.
Public API
Admin & security
Create a backup of all the pages and content across your workspace.
Export entire workspace as HTML, Markdown, & CSV
Enable an extra layer of account security with a second method of verification, also known as 2FA or MFA.
2-step verification
Export all your content at once as PDFs. Perfect for legal or compliance backups.
Export entire workspace as PDF
Manage employee access at scale with secure single sign-on.
SAML Single Sign-On (SSO)
Automatically provision members in and out of your workspace with identity providers like Okta.
User provisioning (SCIM)
Unlock extra permission controls to prevent certain people from sharing pages externally, disable guests, and set workspace-level rules.
Advanced workspace & teamspace security controls
Get actionable insights about how folks use your Notion workspace, from the most popular pages to overall traffic. Analytics data begins after Enterprise Plan start date.
Workspace analytics
Designate membership admins who can add and remove members from the workspace and groups, but can’t access other security & billing settings.
Granular admin roles
Access a detailed log of security and safety-related activity for your workspace account to identify potential security issues, investigate suspicious behavior, or troubleshoot access.
Audit log
Admin content search provides Workspace owners visibility into the content of their Notion workspace, letting them filter, search, and troubleshoot permissions.
Admin content search
Establish ownership of your company domain and take actions on workspaces that belong to your verified domain (request ownership transfer, delete, claim)
Domain Management
Consolidate content from multiple workspaces, including users, page content, and permissions, into your main workspace as teamspace(s) that keep their structure.
Workspace consolidation
Manage the users within your domain, including a dashboard where you can get information and make changes.
Managed users dashboard & controls
Integrate with SIEM and DLP tools to automatically centralize audit logs & set policies to detect sensitive content in your workspace and trigger automated actions to remediate.
Security & Compliance integrations
Customers can store and process Protected Health Information (PHI) in Notion once they sign a Business Associate Agreement (BAA) and configured their workspace(s) security settings according to our HIPAA configuration instructions.
HIPAA compliance
Workspace members can send guest invite requests to their workspace owners for review when guests are disabled in the workspace.
Guest invite requests
Control over when pages are deleted from Trash, and how long they are retained afterward.
Custom data retention settings
Support
We’re always around to help. Just click the (?) button at the bottom right on desktop, or tap “Help & support” if you’re on mobile.
Priority support
Our team of customer success managers are experts to help you get the most out of Notion.
Customer success manager
Custom
Used by the world’s most innovative teams
Read all customer stories
Notion is a workspace that adapts to your needs. It’s as minimal or as powerful as you need it to be.
Rahim Makani
Director of Product
Notion’s ease of use is one of its hallmarks. It helps you visually navigate content and remember where something is.
Marie Szuts
Head of People Ops
Questions & answers
How much usage is included with the Notion AI add-on plan?
When you purchase the Notion AI add-on, you’re enabling everyone in your workspace (except for guests) to have unlimited use of Notion AI.
To ensure optimal performance and fair usage
across all Notion AI users, your access to AI features can be reduced depending on your usage.
Is there a free trial for Notion AI?
Everyone can try Notion AI for free, so you can test most of its capabilities before purchasing the add-on subscription. Please note that some features are not available in the free trial, including AI connectors BETA, autofilling a database in bulk, and auto-updating of autofilled database properties.
The number of complimentary AI responses is shared among the entire workspace. Once you've used all your complimentary AI responses, you will see a message that a Notion AI add-on subscription is necessary to continue using AI features. You’ll need to be a workspace owner, and on desktop, to add Notion AI to your plan.
How does Notion AI use my data?
We follow our standard data protection practices
to keep your data encrypted and private. Notion AI will not use your data to train our models unless you opt in to a request to share your data.
Any information used to power Notion AI will be shared with AI subprocessors for the sole purpose of providing you with the Notion AI features. We specifically have contractual agreements in place with our AI subprocessors that prohibit the use of customer data to train their models. Learn more about Notion AI security and privacy practices here
.
Can I purchase Notion AI for only part of my team, without purchasing for the entire workspace?
Notion AI can only be purchased for the entire workspace. Currently, there isn’t an option to provision AI access to only a portion of your workspace.
If you do decide to add AI to your workspace, every member in the workspace will be able to use AI features — this includes workspace owners, membership admins, and members. Guests will not be able to use AI features in your workspace.
How do I get charged when I add members to my workspace?
When you add a new member to your workspace, they will use an existing paid seat if you have any available in your workspace. If you do not have any existing available paid seats, your count of paid seats will increase by 1. Changes in membership that occur mid-month will create prorated charges based on the amount of time remaining in the billing cycle when the paid seat was added.
For every member you delete from your workspace, you will open up 1 available paid seat. This means you have the option to exchange members in your workspace without paying any additional costs, as long as your total billable seat count remains the same.
You’ll receive an invoice for any charges accrued by changes in membership on your selected payment method, on the day of the month you initially signed up for your subscription.
Each time your billing period starts (monthly or annual), your count of paid seats will be synchronized so it exactly matches the amount of members present in your workspace.
Where can I find my invoices?
Workspace admins can access, view, and download your workspace's invoices by going to Settings & members → Billing, then scrolling to Invoices. There you can click on "View invoice" to see the invoice PDF.
What are your accepted payment methods?
We currently accept all major credit and debit card brands.
What happens when I go over the block storage limit on a Free Plan?
If you’re using a Free Plan workspace by yourself, you’ll be able to add as many pages and blocks as you like.
If you’re using a Free Plan workspace with multiple members, you’ll be able to add a limited number of blocks before you have to upgrade.
When you reach the limit, you can still read, edit, and organize existing content blocks as usual, but you won’t be able to add new content blocks.
What is a block?
A block is any single piece of content you add to your page, like a paragraph of text, a to-do item, an image, a code block, an embedded file, etc. Think of your page as being made up of these building blocks.
Do you offer student discounts?
The Plus Plan (with a 1-member limit) is free for students and educators. Compared to the Free Plan, you’ll be able to add more guests, have access to more version history, and upload larger files.
Just sign up with your school email address and you’ll immediately gain access to these features. Thousands of school email domains are eligible, not just.edu!
For more info & FAQs, visit the Notion for Education page
.
How is pricing calculated for the paid plans?
If you upgrade your workspace to one of the paid plans, you will be charged a fee per member.
Guests are free of charge – but they can only access individual pages they are invited to. In other words, guests won’t be able to see all the team pages under the Teamspaces section in the left sidebar.
What do the different analytics tiers mean?
Basic page analytics (Free and Plus Plans): Includes a list of page viewers as well as a chart displaying views over time.
Advanced page analytics (Business Plan): Includes everything above as well as a list of page editors.
Workspace analytics (Enterprise Plan): Includes everything above as well as user level analytics, analytics on all pages in your workspace, and search analytics for content in your workspace.
How does adding and removing members work?
Whether you're on a monthly or yearly billing schedule, your account may be charged on a monthly basis if you make changes in membership. If you added members, your account will be charged a prorated amount based on the percentage of the billing cycle left when a user was added. If you removed members, you will not receive credit but instead will still have use of that seat for a different user for the remainder of the billing period.
What happens when I change plans?
Upgrading your plan: Your account will be upgraded and charged immediately. The amount due will be reduced based on the percentage of the billing cycle left at the time the plan was changed.
Downgrading your plan: Your account will be downgraded at the end of your billing cycle.
How do I cancel my paid plan?
Your Notion subscription, annual or monthly, will automatically renew until you cancel it. You can cancel your subscription by going to Settings in the left-hand sidebar on a desktop computer, then selecting "Billing," then "Change plan." After you cancel, you’ll still have access to all the paid features until the end of your billing cycle.
More on billing & payment here
What happens if my payment fails? Like if my credit card expires?
Your account email will be notified after each failed payment. Payments may be retried up to 8 times within the next month.
After this, if the payment did not succeed, your workspace will get restricted to view-only for a period of time before being downgraded to the Free plan.
Can I change my payment method?
You can change your payment method at any time in your billing settings.
How do refunds work?
Our refund policy is simple. If you believe you've made a mistake signing up for a paid Notion subscription online or in-app, please contact us inside the app or email [email protected]
We'll be happy to refund you the full amount (not pro-rated) if you downgrade your subscription within three days of signing up for monthly billing, or within 30 days of signing up for annual billing.
If you have accidentally added members to your workspace, you can remove those members at any time. If you’ve been charged for members who were accidentally added, we're happy to provide a refund of the prorated charges if you reach out within three days of the invoice date (please make sure the additional members have been removed from your workspace when writing in).
And if for any reason you're unhappy with Notion, please let us know at [email protected]
— we'd love to hear your feedback, and will be happy to work with you to create the best experience possible.
What if I live in a region with a mandatory refund policy?
If you live in the European Union, United Kingdom, or another region with a mandatory refund policy, you may be eligible for a monthly subscription refund past 72 hours. For example, customers in the European Union can receive a full refund for a monthly subscription within 14 days of purchase, rather than 72 hours.
To request a refund, please contact us inside the app or email [email protected]
If you live in a region with a mandatory refund policy, please let us know and we'll be happy to assist you.
Try Notion today
Get started for free.
Add your whole team as your needs grow.
Try Notion free
On a big team? Request a demo
