One powerful feature management platform - flexible hosting and payment options to fit your needs
SELF-HOSTED TRIAL
CLOUD-HOSTED
SELF, CLOUD, OR HYBRID HOSTED
Run Unleash Enterprise in your own environment Free Download
14-day free trial
SCALE, SUPPORT & SLAs
Monthly active users (MAU)
Unlimited
API Traffic
N/A
Feature flag metrics
90 days
Support
Standard support*
Customer Success
–
Response time SLA
1 business day
Uptime commitment
–
Payment
Billed annually via credit card**
ADVANCED CAPABILITIES
Hosted Private instance
–
Multi-region Enterprise Edge
–
Access Logs
–
IP-based restrictions
–
* Does not include support for environment-specific support such as troubleshooting infrastructure components external to Unleash Software, such as load balancers, databases or cluster orchestration tools.
** You will be issued a non-revokable 12-month license key upon purchase. As a result, refunds are not available. Add additional licenses anytime.
Included with every Unleash Enterprise account
FEATURE MANAGEMENT & TARGETING
Unlimited feature flags
Unlimited projects and environments
Unlimited experiments
A/B/n testing with flag variants
Custom activation strategies and targeting
User segmentation & stickiness
Organize with tags & naming conventions
Feature flags across multiple environments & projects
Export/import feature flags for easy migration
25+ SDKs for your favorite language or framework
Feature flags metrics retained for 90 days
COLLABORATION & APPROVALS
Invite team members to collaborate
Four-eyes approvals for flag changes
Change request workflows with comments
Notifications for flag updates
TECHNICAL DEBT MANAGEMENT
Feature flag lifecycle management
Categorize flags for better lifecycle tracking
Track stale feature flags with a dedicated dashboard
Mark feature flags as stale and remove unused flags
Receive stale-on/stale-off event notifications
SECURITY & COMPLIANCE
Single Sign-On (SSO) with SAML 2.0 or OpenID Connect (Azure AD, Okta)
Automated user provisioning using SCIM
Role-based access control and custom project roles
SOC2 Type II & GDPR compliance for enterprise-grade security
Data residency options in the US or EU
IP-based restrictions (available as an Enterprise add-on)
Login history tracking
Audit logs with up to 2 years retention
INTEGRATIONS & APIs
Admin, Frontend, and Client APIs
Slack, Teams, Datadog, and Jira integrations
Generic webhooks for automation
SELF-HOSTED
Run Unleash in your own environment
14-day free trial
Billed annually via credit card
FREE DOWNLOAD
75$ / per seat/month 5 seat minimum
CLOUD-HOSTED
We run Unleash for you
14-day free trial
Monthly billing via credit card.
No long term commitment.
START FREE
75$ / per seat/month 5 seat minimum
SELF, CLOUD, OR HYBRID HOSTED
Fully customizable
Pay via Invoice
REQUEST A QUOTE
Annual contract
Looking for Unleash Opensource? Find us on Github
There's nothing like trying something out for yourself. Start playing with feature flags to get a preview of the value we could add to your business.
14-days free trial
"In our complex case and architecture, Unleash has proven actually to be the perfect fit for us. And when we decided to use Unleash, we made the right decision. It's provided us with the necessary tools, flexibility, and compatibility to support our pursuit of cloud-native excellence."
Wael Mashal
Cloud Native Senior Developer & Associate Architect at SAP
"We flipped the most important flag we could when we went from our in-house system to Unleash. Right away we found that it was scalable, highly performant, resilient out of the box. And Unleash ended up being 1/3 the cost of our homegrown feature flag solution, while also improving the reliability and scalability of our platform."
Mark Quigley
Head of Internal Developer Platforms and Engineering Enablement, Wayfair
"Unleash gave us the flexibility to manage feature rollouts across multiple services and environments, allowing us to scale without fear of major rollbacks."
Norbert Borecki
Senior Software Engineer, Tink, A Visa Solution
"In our complex case and architecture, Unleash has proven actually to be the perfect fit for us. And when we decided to use Unleash, we made the right decision. It's provided us with the necessary tools, flexibility, and compatibility to support our pursuit of cloud-native excellence."
Wael Mashal
Cloud Native Senior Developer & Associate Architect at SAP
"We flipped the most important flag we could when we went from our in-house system to Unleash. Right away we found that it was scalable, highly performant, resilient out of the box. And Unleash ended up being 1/3 the cost of our homegrown feature flag solution, while also improving the reliability and scalability of our platform."
Mark Quigley
Head of Internal Developer Platforms and Engineering Enablement, Wayfair
"Unleash gave us the flexibility to manage feature rollouts across multiple services and environments, allowing us to scale without fear of major rollbacks."
Norbert Borecki
Senior Software Engineer, Tink, A Visa Solution
"In our complex case and architecture, Unleash has proven actually to be the perfect fit for us. And when we decided to use Unleash, we made the right decision. It's provided us with the necessary tools, flexibility, and compatibility to support our pursuit of cloud-native excellence."
Wael Mashal
Cloud Native Senior Developer & Associate Architect at SAP
1
2
3
