Monthly
Annually (Save 17%)
Starter
Great for getting started and seeing the power of n8n.
20€ /mo, billed annually
2.5K
workflow executions with unlimited steps
Start free trial No credit card required
Hosted by n8n
This plan includes:
1 shared project
5 concurrent executions
Unlimited users
50 AI Workflow Builder credits
Forum support
Pro
For solo builders and small teams running workflows in production.
50€ /mo, billed annually
10K
workflow executions with unlimited steps
Start free trial No credit card required
Hosted by n8n
Everything in Starter plan, plus:
3 shared projects
20 concurrent executions
7 days of insights
150 AI Workflow Builder credits
Admin roles
Global variables
Workflow history
Execution search
Business
For companies with < 100 employees needing collaboration and scale.
667€ /mo, billed annually
40K
workflow executions with unlimited steps
Start free trial
Self-hosted
Everything in Pro plan, plus:
6 shared projects
SSO, SAML and LDAP
30 days of insights
AI Workflow Builder coming soon
Different environments
Scaling options
Version control using Git
Forum support
Enterprise
For organisations with strict compliance and governance needs.
Contact Sales
Custom number of workflow executions
Contact sales
Hosted by n8n or Self-hosted
Everything in Business plan, plus:
Unlimited shared projects
200+ concurrent executions
365 days of insights
1000 AI Workflow Builder credits (only available on n8n cloud)
External secret store integration
Log streaming
Extended data retention
Dedicated support with SLA
Invoice billing
Pay for full executions, not for each step
Unlike other tools that charge per step or user, n8n lets you build freely and only pay when a workflow runs from start to finish.
Read more
Looking for something else?
Start-up Plan
Under 20 employees? Check if you qualify for our Start-up Plan and get 50% off Business.
Learn more
Community Edition
A standard, self-hosted version of n8n is available on GitHub.
186,328
View docs
The world's most popular workflow automation platform for technical teams including
What’s included?
Core features
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Leading editor UI
All integrations (nodes)
Data tables
Streaming and bulk operations
Easily merge data
Workflow templates
Workflow history - max days
1
5
365+
AI Workflow Builder credits
50
150
1000
Developer tools
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Code steps in workflows (JS/Python)
Custom API requests (HTTP, GraphQL, etc.)
Import cURL commands
Trigger from webhooks, queues
Control n8n via API
Global Variables
Run bash scripts
Available in self-hosted
Control n8n via CLI
Available in self-hosted
Custom nodes
Available in self-hosted
Environments (dev, staging, prod, etc.)
Number of environments included per instances
2 instances (dev/prod) on cloud
Version control using Git
Workflow Diff
Control n8n via API - additional scope control
Workflow execution
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Max active workflows
Unlimited
Automatic retries
Max saved executions
2.5k
25k
50k
Max execution log retention
7 days
30 days
Unlimited
Concurrent executions
5
20
200+
Debugging
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Execution logging
Error workflows
Debug in editor
AI Assistant
Upon request
Custom actions when workflow fails
Search executions by the data they contain
Audit logging
Stream logs to external services (e.g. Datadog)
Enterprise Scaling
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Queue mode (Multiple instances)
Worker view
External storage in S3
Multi-main
Security
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Encrypted secrets store
SSO SAML and LDAP
Enforce 2FA across the instance
External secret store integration
Collaboration
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Users
Unlimited
Shared projects
1
3
Unlimited
Project admins
Project editors
Instance admins
Project viewers
Insights
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Overview banner
Table with workflow metrics and sorting feature
Dashboard with evolution over time
Filtering: date range
7-14 days
24h to 365 days
Granularity
Days
Hourly, Daily, Weekly
Support
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Access to our friendly forum
Email support
Dedicated support with SLA
Billing and contract
Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Pay by invoice
Sales assisted procurement
What’s included in the n8n free trial?
When you start a free trial on Starter or Pro, you’ll get:
Access to all Pro features (including Global Variables, Insights, and Admin Roles)
Starter plan limits: 5 concurrent executions, 320MiB RAM, 10 millicore burstable CPU, and 2,500 executions
20 AI Workflow Builder credits
When you start a free trial on the Business plan, you’ll get full access to all Business features for 14 days.
No credit card is required for Starter and Pro trials. A credit card is only required for the Business plan free trial.
What are executions (and why are they more powerful than on other products)?
Executions are much more powerful than the ‘operations’ or ‘tasks’ that you’re billed on in other products.
An execution is a single run of your entire workflow. It doesn’t matter how many steps are in the workflow or how much data it processes — it’s still a single execution.
This makes your usage more predictable than other tools where you pay individually for every step or task. Plus n8n workflows you can do things in a single execution that would take 10,000 operations in other tools.
How can I assess how many production executions I need?
If you're already using n8n, you can assess your weekly or monthly usage by reviewing your instance's execution logs.If you're not yet using n8n, you can estimate your usage by listing your main use cases and evaluating how often each one will run. Here are a few examples:
• Scheduled workflows: For workflows triggered on a regular schedule, count how many times the schedule runs in a month. For instance, a daily schedule would result in 30 or 31 executions per month, while one that runs every 5 minutes would result in about 8,600–8,900 executions monthly.
• Webhook-based workflows: Estimate how many times the event that triggers your webhook occurs per day. That number equals your daily executions.
• Chatbot use case: Estimate how many conversations the chatbot will handle each week, based on your user base and expected frequency of interaction. Then multiply that by the average number of messages per conversation. This gives you the total weekly executions for the chatbot.
How will I see how many production executions I've used?
You can review your production execution counts under your Insights Dashboard
Additionally, if you are a Business plan user you will receive a weekly email providing you with your production execution counts across all instances where you may have applied your Business plan license key. For annual Business plan subscribers, the n8n team will reach out to you when you are close to reaching 80% of your annual quota.
How does n8n monitor my usage on a self-hosted instance?
To access Business or Enterprise features on your self-hosted instance, you receive a license key that must ping our license server daily to stay active. This ping includes data like the number of production executions, which helps us track usage. We also collect telemetry data by default, though you can choose to disable it. You can find more details on the data we collect here
.
Does the business plan include support?
The Business Plan is a self-serve option and dedicated support is supported only in our Enterprise plan.
We encourage you to browse our community forum
to find answers or post questions of your own.
What is the difference between forum and dedicated support?
Dedicated support means direct access to our in-house team, with guaranteed response times available through SLAs. It's built for teams who are running business-critical workflows and who need fast, reliable answers.
Forum support is available through the n8n community, home to over 45,000 AI and automation enthusiasts, professionals, and community engineers ready to help and share solutions.
What does 'collaborate on workflows' mean?
It refers to the ability for multiple users to work together on automation workflows. This includes sharing workflows so others can edit, run, or review their executions, sharing credentials so teammates can use them in their own workflows, and managing access through role-based access control (RBAC) to ensure the right level of permissions for each user.
What happens after I subscribe? How does the upgrade from Community to Business work?
Once you subscribe to the Business plan and complete your payment, you'll receive your license key by email. You'll need to apply this key to your Community instance by following the steps outlined here
Keep in mind that n8n won't automatically cancel any of your existing subscriptions (like Starter, Pro, Startup, Enterprise, or other Business plans). If you want to cancel one of those, you'll need to do it yourself. If you're on an annual plan and want to switch to Business, reach out to our sales team
.
On how many instances can I apply my Business or Enterprise plan license key?
You can use your license key on an unlimited number of instances. The combined usage from all instances where the license key is applied will count toward your quota.
I subscribed to the Business or Enterprise plan. What happens when I hit my quota?
If you exceed your quota, rest assured your workflows will continue running without interruption, but overage charges may apply if you do not upgrade to the next usage tier. When you are close to exceeding your quota, the sales team will reach out to discuss your usage.
If there's no response or upgrade path, the overages if any will be automatically invoiced 45 days after they have occurred.For the Business plan, overage prices are 4,000 EUR for extra buckets of 300,000 executions.
Can I cancel my Business plan subscription?
Yes, if you're on a monthly commitment, you can cancel at any time. Your subscription will then end at the close of your current billing cycle. If you're on an annual commitment, the cancellation will take effect at the end of the annual term. n8n does not offer pro-rata refunds.
Can I pay by wire transfer?
Yes, we offer payment by invoice and wire transfer for the Annual Business plan and the Enterprise plan.If you prefer to pay for the Business plan annually by invoice or wire transfer, you can generate your contract directly through our self-service DocuSign form.
Use this form for € payment
Use this form for $ payment
Once the contract is signed, your subscription will start and you’ll receive your license key.
Is n8n secure? Where is my data stored?
For hosted plans, data is stored within the EU — on servers located in Frankfurt, Germany. For self-hosted plans, it’s wherever you decide to host n8n.
We take privacy and security extremely seriously. You can read more about our approach here
Do you have an affiliate programme?
Absolutely. Our affiliate program was designed to help you switch your audience and clients over to n8n. Learn more about our affiliate program here
Do you offer a discount for startups?
We do, please refer to our Startup
page for more information and retrieve a discount code.
If I’m self-hosting, why would I pay based on execution usage?
Our pricing is not tied to how much it cost us to run n8n but the value it brings to you and your organisation.
Our Business and Enterprise plans offer features meant for companies that are driving measurable business outcomes with automation and AI. Most customers at this level see a clear return on investment, as automations save time, streamline operations, and even unlock new revenue streams.
