This browser is no longer supported.
Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.
Download Microsoft Edge
More information
Skip to main content
Azure
Contact Sales
Free account
Home
Azure pricing
Azure Functions pricing
Request a pricing quote
Try Azure for free
Execute event-driven serverless code functions with an end-to-end development experience
Azure Functions provide a serverless development experience supporting a robust set of event triggers and data bindings.
Explore pricing options
Pay as you go
Pay for compute capacity by the second, with no long-term commitments or upfront payments. Increase or decrease consumption on demand.
Learn more
Azure savings plan for compute
Save money across select compute services globally by committing to spend a fixed hourly amount for 1 or 3 years, unlocking lower prices until you reach your hourly commitment. Suited for dynamic workloads while accommodating for planned or unplanned changes.
Learn more
Apply filters to customize pricing options to your needs.
Prices are estimates only and are not intended as actual price quotes. Actual pricing may vary depending on the type of agreement entered with Microsoft, date of purchase, and the currency exchange rate. Prices are calculated based on US dollars and converted using London closing spot rates that are captured in the two business days prior to the last business day of the previous month end. If the two business days prior to the end of the month fall on a bank holiday in major markets, the rate se
to see pricing based on your current program/offer with Microsoft. Contact an Azure sales specialist
for more information on pricing or to request a price quote. See frequently asked questions
about Azure pricing.
Region:
Central US
East US
East US 2
North Central US
South Central US
West Central US
West US
West US 2
West US 3
UK South
UK West
UAE Central
UAE North
Switzerland North
Switzerland West
Sweden Central
Sweden South
Qatar Central
Poland Central
Norway East
Norway West
Korea Central
Korea South
Japan East
Japan West
Italy North
Israel Central
Central India
South India
West India
Germany North
Germany West Central
France Central
France South
North Europe
West Europe
Canada Central
Canada East
Brazil South
Brazil Southeast
US Gov Arizona
US Gov Texas
US Gov Virginia
Australia Central
Australia Central 2
Australia East
Australia Southeast
East Asia
Southeast Asia
South Africa North
South Africa West
Currency:
United States – Dollar ($) USD
Australia – Dollar ($) AUD
Brazil – Real (R$) BRL
Canada – Dollar ($) CAD
Denmark – Krone (kr) DKK
Euro Zone – Euro (€) EUR
India – Rupee (₹) INR
Japan – Yen (¥) JPY
Korea – Won (₩) KRW
New Zealand – Dollar ($) NZD
Norway – Krone (kr) NOK
Russia – Ruble (руб) RUB
Sweden – Krona (kr) SEK
Switzerland – Franc (chf) CHF
Taiwan – Dollar (NT$) TWD
United Kingdom – Pound (£) GBP
Display pricing by:
Hour
Month
US government entities are eligible to purchase Azure Government services from a licensing solution provider with no upfront financial commitment, or directly through a pay-as-you-go online subscription.
Learn more
Important—The price in R$ is merely a reference; this is an international transaction and the final price is subject to exchange rates and the inclusion of IOF taxes. An eNF will not be issued.
US government entities are eligible to purchase Azure Government services from a licensing solution provider with no upfront financial commitment, or directly through a pay-as-you-go online subscription.
Learn more
Important—The price in R$ is merely a reference; this is an international transaction and the final price is subject to exchange rates and the inclusion of IOF taxes. An eNF will not be issued.
Consumption
Azure Functions consumption plan is billed based on per-second resource consumption and executions. Consumption plan pricing includes a monthly free grant of 1 million requests and 400,000 GB-s of resource consumption per month per subscription in pay-as-you-go pricing across all function apps in that subscription. Azure Functions Premium plan provides enhanced performance and is billed on a per second basis based on the number of vCPU-s and GB-s your Premium Functions consume. Customers can als
.
Meter
Free Grant (Per Month)
Pay as you go
Execution Time *
400,000 GB-s
$- /GB-s
Total Executions *
1 million executions
$- per million executions
* Free grants apply to paid, consumption subscriptions only.
Note —A storage account is created by default with each Functions app. The storage account is not included in the free grant. Standard storage rates
and networking rates
charged separately as applicable.
View details on regional availability
Premium plan
Azure Functions Premium plan provides the same features and scaling mechanism used on the Consumption plan (based on number of events) with no cold start, enhanced performance and VNET access. Billing for the Premium plan is based on the number of core seconds and memory allocated across instances. There is no execution charge with the Premium plan. At least one instance must be allocated at all times per plan. To learn more, see Azure Premium Plan details.
When creating or scaling your plan, you can choose between three instance sizes. You will be billed for the total number of cores and memory provisioned, per second that each instance is allocated to you. Your app can automatically scale out to multiple instances as needed.
Meter
Pay as you go
1 year savings plan
3 year savings plan
vCPU duration
vCPU: $-
Memory duration
Memory: $-
Functions on Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes (In Preview)
Now in Preview, Functions can run on pre-provisioned Kubernetes clusters in Azure Kubernetes Service or on Arc-enabled clusters on-premises and in other clouds. This capability is currently free* during Preview.
* Note customers will still pay for the underlying Kubernetes infrastructure and are responsible for managing and scaling their own node pools. Learn more about the capabilities of Functions on Azure Arc.
Executions
Functions are billed based on total number of requested executions each month for all functions. Executions are counted each time a function is executed in response to an event, triggered by a binding. The first million executions are included free each month.
Resource consumption
Functions are billed based on observed resource consumption measured in gigabyte seconds (GB-s). Observed resource consumption is calculated by multiplying average memory size in gigabytes by the time in milliseconds it takes to execute the function. Memory used by a function is measured by rounding up to the nearest 128 MB, up to the maximum memory size of 1,536 MB, with execution time calculated by rounding up to the nearest 1 ms. The minimum execution time and memory for a single function exe
Azure Functions can be used with Azure IoT Edge
at no charge.
Functions Proxies
The same pricing applies to Functions Proxies. A proxy is a function that is triggered by an HTTP request. Memory used by a proxy is less than 128 MB. Proxy execution time is the round-trip time (request to response), because the proxy needs to stay up to keep the HTTP connection alive. If a proxy triggers a function, the function execution and memory usage is counted separately.
Pricing example
A function with observed memory consumption of 512 MB executes 3,000,000 times during the month and has an execution duration of one second. Monthly billing would be calculated as follows:
Resource Consumption Billing Calculation
Resource consumption (seconds)
Executions
3 million executions
Execution duration (seconds)
1 second
Resource consumption Total
3 million seconds
Resource consumption (GB-s)
Resource consumption converted to GBs
512 MB / 1,024 MB
Execution time (seconds)
3 million seconds
Total GB-s
1.5 million GB-s
Billable resource consumption
Resource consumption
1.5 million GB-s
Monthly free grant
400,000 GB-s
Total billable consumption
1.1 million GB-s
Monthly resource consumption cost
Billable resource consumption
1.1 million GB-s
Resource consumption price
$- /GB-s
Total cost
$17.6
Executions billing calculation
Billable executions
Total monthly executions
3 million executions
Monthly free executions
1 million executions
Monthly billable executions
2 million executions
Monthly executions cost
Monthly billable executions
2 million executions
Price per million executions
$-
Monthly execution cost
$-
Total consumption billing calculation
Total monthly cost
Monthly resource consumption cost
$17.6
Monthly executions cost
$-
Total monthly cost
$-
More information
Functions can also be hosted on Azure App Service
, Azure Container Apps
Check out Azure Functions documentation
for the latest information
Azure Functions developer reference
Azure pricing and purchasing options
Connect with us directly
Get a walkthrough of Azure pricing. Understand pricing for your cloud solution, learn about cost optimization and request a custom proposal.
Talk to a sales specialist
See ways to purchase
Purchase Azure services through the Azure website, a Microsoft representative, or an Azure partner.
Explore your options
Additional resources
Azure Functions
Learn more about Azure Functions features and capabilities.
Pricing calculator
Estimate your expected monthly costs for using any combination of Azure products.
SLA
Review the Service Level Agreement for Azure Functions.
Documentation
Review technical tutorials, videos, and more Azure Functions resources.
Talk to a sales specialist for a walk-through of Azure pricing. Understand pricing for your cloud solution.
Request a pricing quote
Get free cloud services and a $200 credit to explore Azure for 30 days.
Try Azure for free
Added to estimate. Press 'v' to view on calculator View on calculator
Chat with Sales
Can we help you?
Chat Now
No thanks
