Skip to content
Plans designed for every team
It’s easy to deploy, operate and scale InfluxDB — anywhere.
Free Plan
Rate-limited plan for quickly and easily learning InfluxDB and prototyping. Single click upgrade to Usage-Based Plan.
Try for Free
Get More Details
MOST POPULAR
Usage-Based Plan
For more extensive testing and development and smaller or early stage production workloads. Pay only for what you use — no minimums or long-term commitment.
Get Started
Data In
Volume of data written in MB
$0.002/MB
Query Count
Total individual query executions
$0.01 per 100 query executions
Storage
Total disk usage in GB-hours
$0.002/GB-hour
Data Out
Data transferred out of InfluxDB in GB
$0.09/GB
Get More Details
Annual Plans
Committed use plans for production or high volume workloads offering scale discounts, elevated support, and enhanced feature access.
Contact Us
Get More Details
Dedicated
Single tenant environment for high volume production workloads offering workload isolation, private networking, elevated support and enhanced feature access.
Contact Us
Get More Details
InfluxDB Cloud pricing
Focus on building apps, not managing clusters. Fully managed service available on AWS
Azure
and Google Cloud
.
Start for free or unlock additional capability with a metered usage-based plan with no minimums or long-term commitment. Or, secure discounts via committed annual plans. To learn more about InfluxDB Cloud pricing, visit our Frequently Asked Questions
.
Do you need a proof of concept for your next project? Our InfluxData Cloud experts are available to help you. Contact us
and we will reach out to you shortly.
InfluxDB Enterprise
Self-manage InfluxDB clusters on-premises or in your private cloud.
Simple, scalable subscription pricing
InfluxDB Enterprise
is available as an annual subscription based on the the total number of cores needed to run your workload. This is dependent on your specific requirements, such as response time, frequency of data collection, ingest and query volumes and replication factors.
Talk to us if you’re interested in learning more about InfluxDB Enterprise pricing.
Contact Us
Need a fully managed solution? InfluxDB Cloud
may be the best option.
(*) Includes 7 * 24 Platinum Support
(**) NOTE: These numbers represent typical workloads we have observed which provide a good experience. Performance will vary based on your specific workload characteristics.
Need a fully managed solution? InfluxDB Cloud
may be the best option.
Marketplace Subscriptions
You can also subscribe to InfluxDB Cloud with your preferred Cloud Marketplace account to take advantage of your cloud provider credits, discounts and streamlined billing.
Scroll to Top
