Loading
Flexible plans for growing businesses of all sizes
Workflow automation plans
Whether you're automating for the first time or scaling automation across your business, we have flexible plans that meet your needs today and tomorrow.
Pay monthly
Pay yearly (Save 33 %)
Pay yearly (Save 33%)
100
2K
10K
100K
1M
2M
Select a task tier
Learn about tasks
Free
For individuals starting out with automation.
$
0 USD /mo
Free forever
Try it free
Free plan features:
Two-step Zaps
Two-step Zaps have one trigger (e.g., new email lead) and one action (e.g., add to my CRM).
Visual editor
Build and edit Zaps in our visual, drag-and-drop editor.
Unlimited Zaps
No matter what plan you choose, you can create as many Zaps as your task limit allows.
Starter
For individuals who need to automatically move data between apps.
Starting from
$
19. 99
USD /mo
Billed annually
Try it free
Everything in Free, plus:
Multi-step Zaps
Multi-step Zaps let a single trigger (e.g., new email lead) perform as many actions as you want (e.g., add to my CRM and message my team).
Zap filters and formatting
Use Filter by Zapier to run Zaps only when your data matches certain criteria. Formatter by Zapier automatically formats your data however you need it.
Zap versions
Save multiple versions and recover previous versions of your Zaps. Starter: 1 week, Pro: 1 month, Team: 6 months, Company: 1 year.
Webhooks
Use Webhooks by Zapier to build custom integrations that connect any app.
Professional
For individuals building and managing custom workflows.
Starting from
$
49 USD /mo
Billed annually
Try it free
Everything in Starter, plus:
Zap paths
Paths by Zapier helps you create different actions for your workflows—all based on conditions you set.
Advanced Zap settings
Take more control of how your Zap functions with Error Ratio Settings, Customized Polling Intervals, Flood Protection settings, and Custom Error Notifications.
Unlimited Premium apps
Premium apps are select apps exclusively available to users on paid plans.
Team
For teams turning business processes into automated workflows.
Starting from
$
69 USD /mo
Billed annually
Try it free
Contact Sales
Everything in Professional, plus:
Unlimited users
A user can build and edit a Zap.
Shared app connections
Connect your team’s favorite tools so everyone can use them in their workflows without needing to share passwords and API keys
Shared workspace
Share access to your Zaps with your team.
Premier Support
Get faster, prioritized responses from our dedicated Premier Support team.
Company
For companies scaling automation across teams.
Contact Sales
Everything in Team, plus:
SAML single sign-on (SSO)
Ensure secure access for your team using SAML 2.0 identity and access management (IAM) providers.
Advanced admin permissions
Add unlimited teams to your account to better manage workspace-level permissions.
Custom data retention
Customize your task history retention to match your company's legal and regulatory requirements.
Our commitment to flexible, risk-free pricing
Your plan, your way
Pick any task tier, and if you reach your limit, you can switch to pay-as-you-go until you’re ready for a higher tier.
More valuable as you grow
The higher the task tier, the lower the cost per task. No matter which plan you choose, you'll get more value the more you use Zapier.
Commit and save
Commit to annual payments for a lower monthly fee. Or talk with our Sales team for access to deeper discounts on our Company plan.
Compare plans and features
Team
Company
Usage
Free
Starter
Professional
Team
Company
Team
Company
Team
Company
Zaps Two-step Zaps have one trigger and one action (e.g., a new email lead is automatically added to your CRM). Multi-step Zaps have one trigger that prompts multiple actions (e.g., a single email lead is automatically added to your CRM and notifies your team in Slack).
Two-step
Multi-step
Premium apps Premium apps
are select apps that are exclusively available to users on paid plans.
0
3
Unlimited
Users Add unlimited users to your account at no additional cost.
1
Unlimited
Update time How often Zapier checks for new data to start your Zap.
15 min
2 min
1 min
Tables Basic New Store, edit, and collaborate on data that powers your Zaps. Connect Zaps to your tables and data with confidence.
Interfaces Basic New Build forms, web pages, and basic apps that are connected directly to your Zaps.
Overage tasks New If you exceed your plan’s task limit, you’ll automatically switch to pay-per-task
billing for the remainder of your pay period so your Zaps stay on. Each task above your plan’s limit will cost 1.25x the cost of a task on your base subscription.
See more features
Build end-to-end solutions with Zapier add-ons
Tables Premium add-on
Store, edit, share, and automate your data—all in one place. Free to try.
Premium starts at $
20 USD /mo
See plans
Get started
Interfaces Premium add-on
Build custom forms, web pages, and apps to power your workflows—no code required. Free to try.
Premium starts at $
20 USD /mo
See plans
Get started
Chatbots Premium add-on (Beta)
Create advanced, AI-powered chatbots and take action with built-in automation. Free to try.
Premium starts at $
20 USD /mo
See plans
Get started
Trusted by companies large and small
Join 2.2 million businesses using Zapier to grow their business
Frequently asked questions
Zapier overview
Do I need to know how to code?
What are apps?
What is a Zap?
What are tasks?
What is a trigger?
What's the difference between Zaps, triggers, actions, and tasks?
Does checking (or polling) for new data use tasks?
How many tasks do I need?
What happens if I hit my task limit?
Will I be charged a task for any of Zapier’s built-in data tools?
How many connections does Zapier support?
Plans and payments
Should I use the Team or Company plan?
Which plans allow for unlimited users?
Do you have a free trial of your premium features?
Can I change my plan later?
What if I decide to cancel?
Do you offer any discounts?
Can you charge me in my local currency?
Can I pay via invoice or wire transfer?
Sales and support
Do you have a Sales team?
What level of support do Team and Company plans get?
What if I have more questions?
