Loading
Scalable automation for businesses of all sizes
Workflow automation plans
Zapier plans give businesses—both big and small—all the automation tools needed to build and scale end-to-end workflows.
Pay monthly
Pay yearly (Save 33 %)
Pay yearly (Save 33%)
100
2K
10K
100K
1M
2M
Select a task tier
Learn about tasks
Best for basic use Free
Automate basic workflows with 100 tasks per month.
$
0 USD /mo
Free forever
Try it free
Free plan features:
Zapier automation platform
The Zapier automation platform gives you access to Zaps, Interfaces (Basic), and Tables (Basic). Connect user interfaces, data tables, and Zaps with logic to automate custom workflows—all on Zapier.
Unlimited Zaps
No matter what plan you choose, you can create as many Zaps as your task limit allows.
Two-step Zaps
Two-step Zaps have one trigger (e.g., a new email lead) and one action (e.g., add the lead to my CRM) so you can connect two apps and automatically move data from one to the other.
AI power-ups
Create Zaps with the AI-powered Zap builder. Use AI to customize your Zaps by generating code steps, mapping data fields across apps, writing documentation for Zaps, and troubleshooting Zaps when there's an error.
Best for individuals Professional
Automate advanced workflows with the full power of Zapier.
Starting from
$
19. 99
USD /mo
Billed annually
Try it free
Everything in Free, plus:
Multi-step Zaps
Create Zaps that perform as many actions as you want from a single trigger. Add powerful workflow features to your Zaps like conditional paths, data formatting, trigger scheduling, and more.
Unlimited Premium apps
Premium apps are select apps exclusively available to users on paid plans.
Webhooks
Build powerful, custom integrations that connect any app with Webhooks by Zapier.
Email support
Connect with our technical support team through email.
Best for teams Team
Build and manage automated workflows with your team.
Starting from
$
69 USD /mo
Billed annually
Try it free
Contact Sales
Everything in Professional, plus:
Unlimited users
A user can build and edit a Zap.
Shared workspaces
Share access to your Zaps with your team, create folders, and customize permissions.
Shared app connections
Connect your team’s favorite tools so everyone can use them in their workflows without needing to share passwords and API keys.
Premier Support
Get faster, prioritized responses from our dedicated Premier Support team.
SSO add-on (contact us)
Add SAML single sign-on (SSO) to your Team plan to ensure secure access to your account. Contact Sales to purchase.
Best for organizations Enterprise
Scale automation across multiple departments.
Contact for pricing
Contact Sales
Everything in Team, plus:
Advanced admin permissions and app controls
Ensure that only the right people have access to sensitive apps, Zaps and more. Get as granular as which actions can be used for what apps.
Annual task limits
Instead of tasks expiring monthly, they’ll expire annually, so you don’t need to worry about budgeting tasks.
Observability
Get a 360° view of your account. See what users are building and which apps they’re using with Analytics, export activity to a SIEM tool with our Zap Runs API, and more.
SAML SSO
Ensure secure access for your team using SAML 2.0 identity and access management (IAM) providers.
Designated Technical Support
Get a named support rep who’s intimately familiar with your account to help field questions from your team and make strategy recommendations.
More about Enterprise
What you get with all paid plans
The full building power of Zapier
Visual no-code editor
Unlimited app integrations
All built-in data and AI workflow tools
Advanced Zap management capabilities
Zap version control
Custom error notifications
Advanced Zap settings
Basic access to the Zapier automation platform
Zapier Tables
Zapier Interfaces
Zapier Chatbots
See all features
Build end-to-end solutions with Zapier add-ons
Tables Premium add-on
Store, edit, share, and automate your data—all in one place. Free to try.
Premium starts at $
20 USD /mo
See plans
Get started
Interfaces Premium add-on
Build custom forms, web pages, and apps to power your workflows—no code required. Free to try.
Premium starts at $
20 USD /mo
See plans
Get started
Chatbots Premium add-on (Beta)
Create advanced, AI-powered chatbots and take action with built-in automation. Free to try.
Premium starts at $
20 USD /mo
See plans
Get started
Our commitment to flexible, risk-free pricing
Your plan, your way
Pick any task tier, and if you reach your limit, you can switch to pay-as-you-go until you’re ready for a higher tier.
More valuable as you grow
The higher the task tier, the lower the cost per task. No matter which plan you choose, you'll get more value the more you use Zapier.
Commit and save
Commit to annual payments for a lower monthly fee. Or talk with our Sales team for access to deeper discounts on our Company plan.
Trusted by companies large and small
Join 2.2 million businesses using Zapier to grow their business
Frequently asked questions
Zapier overview
Do I need to know how to code?
What are apps?
What is a Zap?
What are tasks?
What is a trigger?
What's the difference between Zaps, triggers, actions, and tasks?
Does checking (or polling) for new data use tasks?
How many tasks do I need?
What happens if I hit my task limit?
Will I be charged a task for any of Zapier’s built-in data tools?
How many connections does Zapier support?
Plans and payments
Should I use the Team or Enterprise plan?
Which plans allow for unlimited users?
Do you have a free trial of your premium features?
Can I change my plan later?
What if I decide to cancel?
Do you offer any discounts?
Can you charge me in my local currency?
Can I pay via invoice or wire transfer?
Sales and support
Do you have a Sales team?
What level of support do Team and Enterprise plans get?
What if I have more questions?
