🚀 Want a discount with multiple products? Learn more about the new Pro bundle!
Scalable automation for businesses of all sizes
Workflow automation plans
Zapier plans give businesses—both big and small—all the automation tools needed to build and scale end-to-end workflows.
Pay monthly
Pay yearly (Save 33 %)
Pay yearly (Save 33%)
100
2K
10K
100K
1M
2M
Select a task tier
Learn about tasks
Best for basic use Free
Automate basic workflows with 100 tasks per month.
$
0 USD per month
Free forever
Try it free
Free plan features:
Zapier automation platform
The Zapier automation platform gives you access to Zaps, Interfaces (Basic), and Tables (Basic). Connect user interfaces, data tables, and Zaps with logic to automate custom workflows—all on Zapier.
Unlimited Zaps
No matter what plan you choose, you can create as many Zaps as your task limit allows.
Two-step Zaps
Two-step Zaps have one trigger (e.g., a new email lead) and one action (e.g., add the lead to my CRM) so you can connect two apps and automatically move data from one to the other.
AI power-ups
Create Zaps with the AI-powered Zap builder. Use AI to customize your Zaps by generating code steps, mapping data fields across apps, writing documentation for Zaps, and troubleshooting Zaps when there's an error.
Best for individuals Professional
Automate advanced workflows with the full power of Zapier.
Starting from
$
19. 99
USD per month
Billed annually
Try it free
Everything in Free, plus:
Multi-step Zaps
Create Zaps that perform as many actions as you want from a single trigger. Add powerful workflow features to your Zaps like conditional paths, data formatting, trigger scheduling, and more.
Unlimited Premium apps
Premium apps are select apps exclusively available to users on paid plans.
Webhooks
Build powerful, custom integrations that connect any app with Webhooks by Zapier.
Email support
Connect with our technical support team through email.
Best for teams Team
Build and manage automated workflows with your team.
Starting from
$
69 USD per month
Billed annually
Try it free
Contact Sales
Everything in Professional, plus:
Unlimited users
A user can build and edit a Zap.
Shared workspaces
Share access to your Zaps with your team, create folders, and customize permissions.
Shared app connections
Connect your team’s favorite tools so everyone can use them in their workflows without needing to share passwords and API keys.
Premier Support
Get faster, prioritized responses from our dedicated Premier Support team.
Best for organizations Enterprise
Scale automation across multiple departments.
Contact for pricing
Contact Sales
Everything in Team, plus:
Advanced admin permissions and app controls
Ensure that only the right people have access to sensitive apps, Zaps and more. Get as granular as which actions can be used for what apps.
Annual task limits
Instead of tasks expiring monthly, they’ll expire annually, so you don’t need to worry about budgeting tasks.
Observability
Get a 360° view of your account. See what users are building and which apps they’re using with Analytics, export activity to a SIEM tool with our Zap Runs API, and more.
SAML SSO
Ensure secure access for your team using SAML 2.0 identity and access management (IAM) providers.
Technical Account Manager
Get a Technical Account Manager who’s intimately familiar with your account to help field questions from your team and make strategy recommendations.
More about Enterprise
What you get with all paid plans
The full building power of Zapier
Visual no-code editor
Unlimited app integrations
All built-in data and AI workflow tools
Advanced Zap management capabilities
Zap version control
Custom error notifications
Advanced Zap settings
Basic access to the Zapier automation platform
Zapier Tables
Zapier Interfaces
Zapier Chatbots
See all features
Build end-to-end solutions with Zapier
All-in-one automation starter kit
Get started creating custom solutions with Zapier’s automation products, bundled together and discounted.
Includes: Zaps Professional, Tables Pro, Interfaces Pro
Learn more
Tables add-ons
Store, edit, share, and automate your data—all in one place. Free to try.
Starts at $
20
See plans
Get started
Interfaces add-ons
Build custom forms, web pages, and apps to power your workflows—no code required. Free to try.
Starts at $
20
See plans
Get started
Chatbots add-ons (Beta)
Create advanced, AI-powered chatbots and take action with built-in automation. Free to try.
Starts at $
20
See plans
Get started
Our commitment to flexible, risk-free pricing
Your plan, your way
Pick any task tier, and if you reach your limit, you can switch to pay-as-you-go until you’re ready for a higher tier.
More valuable as you grow
The higher the task tier, the lower the cost per task. No matter which plan you choose, you'll get more value the more you use Zapier.
Commit and save
Commit to annual payments for a lower monthly fee. Or talk with our Sales team for access to deeper discounts on our Enterprise plan.
Trusted by companies large and small
Join 2.2 million businesses using Zapier to grow their business
Frequently asked questions
Zapier overview
Do I need to know how to code?
Nope! Zapier makes it easy for you to move data between your apps without being a developer. We may need you to locate information for certain accounts, but we'll guide you through any additional steps. Our Support champions are also here to help you via email should you need assistance.
What are apps?
An app is a web service or application, such as Google Docs
Evernote
or Salesforce
Zapier offers integrations for more than 7,000 apps and helps you easily move data between them to automate repetitive tasks. Premium apps
are select apps exclusively available to users on paid Zapier plans.
What is a Zap?
A Zap is an automated workflow that connects your apps and services together. Each Zap consists of a trigger and one or more actions. When you turn your Zap on, it will run the action steps every time the trigger event occurs.
What are tasks?
A task is counted every time a Zap successfully moves data or completes an action for you automatically. For example, if your Zap has an action to create new Google Contacts, each contact created will use one task. If the action isn't successfully completed, it doesn't count against your task limit.
What is a trigger?
A trigger is an event that starts a Zap. Once you turn on a Zap, Zapier will monitor for that trigger event. For example, if you create a Zap that sends a message to a rep each time you get a new lead, the trigger is a new lead entering your lead management app. Triggers don't count toward your task limit.
What's the difference between Zaps, triggers, actions, and tasks?
Zap is our term for the automated workflows you set up to connect your apps. A trigger is the event that starts your Zap. Actions are events that happen automatically after your Zap is triggered. For example, in a Zap that sends a message to a Sales rep each time you get a new lead, the trigger is the new lead entering your lead management app, and the action is the Slack notification sent with the new lead's info.
When Zapier performs an action successfully, it counts as a task. Each successful action in a Zap counts as a separate task.
Does checking (or polling) for new data use tasks?
Zapier never charges you a task to check for new data—only when a Zap successfully completes an action for you.
For instance, say you want an automated workflow to check—or poll—your Dropbox account every five minutes for new files. Then, if a new file appears, the workflow will send you a Slack message. In this case, sending the Slack message about the new Dropbox file counts as a task.
How many tasks do I need?
The number of tasks you need depends on the number of active Zaps you have and how frequently those Zaps run to automate your work. The more actions your Zaps complete, the more tasks you'll need.
But don't worry! When you reach your plan’s task limit, we'll notify you via email. When you reach your plan’s task limit, we'll also switch you to pay-per-task billing
.
What happens if I hit my task limit?
We'll email you when you reach your plan's task limit. Once you've reached that limit, we'll switch you to pay-per-task billing at a rate of 1.25x the cost of a base task on your subscription so your Zaps continue running.
When you're on pay-per-task billing, we’ll email you if you’re close to your plan’s maximum task limit (3x your task subscription) and then again when you reach it. Once you’ve reached your maximum task limit, your Zaps will pause until the start of your next pay period.
You can learn more about task overages here
Our Sales team
is also available to help you choose the right plan for your business.
Will I be charged a task for any of Zapier’s built-in data tools?
Zapier offers a variety of built-in data tools in the App Directory
that help you add conditional filter and path logic, and format data. The following steps don't count as a task:
Zapier Tables
Zapier Interfaces
Filter by Zapier
Formatter by Zapier
Path by Zapier
Delay, Looping, Sub-Zap, Digest, Zapier Manager, Storage
How many connections does Zapier support?
Zapier connects to 7,000+ apps, more than any other automation tool. If you want to connect your internal tools, you can build your own private integration with our easy-to-use developer platform
.
Plans and payments
Should I use the Team or Enterprise plan?
The Team plan provides features that facilitate collaboration on automation across several groups or teams. These features include shared app connections and a shared workspace.
The Enterprise plan enables your entire team to use Zapier, with advanced security features, governance, and monitoring features such as advanced admin permissions, single sign-on, and custom data retention. Enterprise allows you to empower all of your employees while providing safeguards you need to protect sensitive data and critical workflows.
Which plans allow for unlimited users?
Unlimited users are available on Team and Enterprise plans.
Do you have a free trial of your premium features?
Yes! When you create a new Zapier account, you're instantly enrolled in a free 14-day trial
of the Zapier Professional plan. No credit card required.
Please contact our Sales team
if you want to enroll in a free trial of the Zapier Team and Enterprise plans to experience our most advanced collaboration features and admin controls.
Can I change my plan later?
Yes, you can upgrade or downgrade at any time. If you upgrade, the change happens immediately, and you'll only pay a prorated amount for the rest of the billing cycle. If you choose to downgrade, it'll take effect at the end of that billing cycle.
What if I decide to cancel?
If you no longer wish to use Zapier, you may cancel at any time. You'll still have access to your paid plan for the remainder of your billing cycle. See also our refund policy
here.
Do you offer any discounts?
Yes! When you choose to pre-pay for a year of service, you'll receive a discount compared to monthly payments. Please see the pricing details above.
We also offer an additional 15% discount for non-profits. Learn more here
.
Can you charge me in my local currency?
Yes, we currently accept payment in multiple currencies with more currencies being added soon. You can see a list all of our accepted payment methods and currencies here
.
Can I pay via invoice or wire transfer?
You can pay via invoice or wire transfer if you are on an Enterprise plan. To learn more, visit Zapier for Enterprise
.
Sales and support
Do you have a Sales team?
Yes, you can contact our Sales team
to book a demo for our Professional, Team, and Enterprise plans.
What level of support do Team and Enterprise plans get?
Team and Enterprise plans get Premier Support, which provides faster, prioritized responses from our dedicated Premier Support team.
On top of Premier Support, the Enterprise plan gives you a customized onboarding program, a Technical Account Manager, and a Customer Success Manager to help answer questions and work with your team in building advanced workflows.
What if I have more questions?
Try searching for what you need in our Help and Support
site. If you don't find what you're looking for, you can get help
here.
Contact us
if you need additional chatbots or don’t see a plan that works for you.
