Sign up today and try the Pro plan for free
Choose the perfect plan for your team’s needs
See all features and compare plans
Trusted by 300,000+ forward-thinking companies worldwide
Compare our plans
Fundamentals
Bases
Maximum number of users
Records per base
Records per table
Attachment space per base
Revision and snapshot history
Rich field types including attachments, checkboxes, dropdowns, and more
Web, desktop, iOS, and Android apps
Realtime collaboration and commenting
Views
Grid, calendar, form, kanban, and gallery views
Gantt view
Timeline view
NEW
Personal and locked views
Sections
Interface Designer
Learn more
Design interactive applications with a drag-and-drop experience
NEW
Granular interface permissions
NEW
Group level user management and admin panel support
NEW
Extensions
Learn more
Power up your base with extensions, including:
Chart,
Page Designer,
Pivot Table,
+ 47 extensions
Automations
Runs per month
Run history
Automation integrations
Premium integrations
Jira
Sync
Synced tables per base
Automatic sync
Multi-source syncing
Sync integrations
Premium integrations
Jira
Salesforce
Tableau
Customization
Custom branded forms
Expanded color and formatting options
Advanced calendar features
Editing & Permissions
Password and domain restricted shares
Field and table editing permissions
Early access to new features
Admin
SAML-based single sign-on (SSO)
Federated company account
Unlimited workspaces
Payment by invoice
Enterprise-wide admin panel
Service Accounts
NEW
Enhanced deletion recovery
Support
On-demand webinars
Self-serve knowledge base
In-Product Support
24/5 Support
Initial Response Time
Ongoing Success Program
Customer Success Manager
Joint success plans
Business reviews
Professional Services*
Consultations with Airtable experts
Custom base trainings
Base build services
* Service levels for Ongoing Success Program and Professional Services determined based on spend. Customer base trainings and base build services available to qualified customers as set forth on an applicable order form. Professional Services expire if they are not utilized within the contract term.
Have additional questions?
Billing / pricing
Billing FAQ
Special plans for
Nonprofits
or Education
Enterprise plans
Contact sales
Frequently asked questions
How does Airtable's pricing work?
Airtable plans are charged per seat. If you are on Airtable’s Free plan, you can add viewers and commenters to your workspace for free. If you are on a paid Airtable plan, you will be charged for all collaborators who have edit or comment permissions to at least one base in the workspace. No charges will apply for read-only collaborators or people submitting forms. Charges are prorated: collaborators with edit permissions added partway through the month will only be charged for the days they wer
How does Airtable's Enterprise pricing work?
Upgrades to Airtable Enterprise apply per account within an organization. You will be charged for all collaborators with edit, comment, or read access to at least one base in your organization. An organization has the ability to create unlimited workspaces and bases as part of the enterprise plan. Charges are prorated: collaborators with edit, comment, or read permissions added partway through the billing cycle will only be charged for the months they were collaborators. For more information on 
.
Is Airtable free to use?
Airtable has multiple packages to help teams of all sizes orchestrate their work. Our Free plan is available to teams for no charge and provides the key building blocks to help you build your database. The Free plan is free forever and is formulated for small teams or those with lightweight needs. Our paid plans offer additional power and scale for teams as they grow and their needs get more complex.
How much does Airtable cost?
Our Free plan is available at no cost for teams just getting started. For teams who like the features of our Free plan but need more storage, our Plus plan is available for $10/user. Our Pro plan costs $20/user and includes the customization and team management features that fast moving teams and organizations need. Our Enterprise plan pricing is custom, based on the organization’s needs and scale with Airtable. To learn more about our Enterprise pricing, contact sales
.
What are my payment options?
All payments are made via credit card for Plus and Pro workspaces. For Enterprise accounts, we can issue an annual invoice with payment via PO and/or ACH, wire, or check. Please contact sales
for more information.
What happens when I hit my usage limits?
If you reach our record or attachment limits, you’ll still be able to use your bases. We’ll let you know about the overage, and give you a grace period to find a plan that fits your needs!
What's an Airtable base?
A base
is a collection of related tables, often reflecting a single project, process, or workflow that you collaborate on with your team. For example, you could make a base to organize your sales process, with tables for sales leads, companies, and deal opportunities. Each table contains records (similar to rows in a spreadsheet), which represent the individual objects, ideas, or people that you’re tracking. You’re free to create as many bases as you’d like on any of our plans.
What is revision history?
Airtable provides powerful ways to go back in time with record-level revision history
and base snapshots
View a living history of all the changes that have been made to a single record and jump back in time and restore your base to a previous state. We provide a limited history for free plans, with extended histories for our premium plans. When you upgrade and extend your history, all future revisions will be tracked using the upgraded setting.
What are the per-base record and attachment limits?
While we don’t limit the number of bases you can create, we do limit records and attachment space per base. On the Free plan, we limit the total number of records you can have across all tables in a base. We also limit the total amount of attachment space you can use in a base. You can increase these limits by upgrading to one of our premium plans.
What are sync integrations?
Sync integrations (previously known as external source sync) let you import data from external sources like Google Calendar, Zendesk, and Box into an Airtable base. Some external sources like Salesforce and Jira count as premium sync integrations and are only available as part of the Pro and Enterprise plans.
