Announcing US-East 🇺🇸 region: Deploy your apps in Washington, DC
Simple pricing for all your projects
Pay as you scale with Koyeb
For side-projects
$0/month
Get Started for Free
Run Web Apps, APIs, and workers
Continuous deployment with Git
Global load-balancing with HTTP/2 and full SSL
Containers, Node, Python, Go, Rust, Ruby, Elixir, and more
$5.5 free credit every month
Going live?
Flexible monthly plans with unlimited apps for projects and organizations of all sizes.
For small production apps
$79/month
Get started
All native features
Up to 16GB RAM and 16 vCPU per service
99.9% uptime SLA
E-mail support
Scaling & mission critical apps
Tailored to your requirements.
Contact us
Special Zones with reserved Capacity
High RAM and CPU configurations
99.99% uptime SLA
24×7×365 premium support
Always included
Infrastructure autohealing
Built-in autoscaling
High-Performance Edge Network
Service Mesh & Discovery
Automatic OS patching
Pay-per-use by the second
Each plan is billed depending on usage in addition to the base price.
Great companies trust us
Predictable pricing
All your apps components are charged based on usage, per second. An app is typically made up of one or more services like web service, APIs, and workers. When you deploy an app, we deploy autoscaling containers for all services. You can limit the maximum scaling and scale-to-zero to control your costs.
The table below shows the cost of one container. Pick your container size and we will autoscale your app horizontally.
Per hour
Per month
Nano
Micro
Small
Medium
Large
XLarge
CPU
1
2
4
8
RAM
256MB
512MB
1GB
2GB
4GB
8GB
DISK
2.5GB SSD
5GB SSD
10GB SSD
20GB SSD
40GB SSD
80GB SSD
PRICE
$2.7/mo
$5.4/mo
$10.7/mo
$21.4/mo
$42.9/mo
$85.7/mo
Backed by high-end Intel and AMD CPU
Inbound bandwidth
Free with global edge acceleration and built-in DDoS Mitigation
Outbound bandwidth
100GB of free transfer, $0.04/GB afterwards. Global CDN included.
For Open Source projects
We're happy to sponsor open source projects with free or discounted resources.
Contact us
Frequently Asked Questions
Is the free plan really free?
Yes, it's completely free! We provide $5.5 of monthly usage credit for free which you can use with any container size up to 2GB of RAM and 100GB of bandwidth. This is equivalent to 1388 hours of nano usage so around 2 full-time nano services!
How are processing and bandwidth charged?
Once you've consumed you're monthly free tier, we start billing you on a pay-per-use basis. Processing is accounted per second and billing is rounded up to the nearest unit. We charge you at the end of the calendar month.
How much do additionnal app services cost?
Application services are charged depending of the effective usage, starting at $0.00001/second. You define the maximum price you want to pay when you define the contaner size and the maxscale. If you're app requires 512MB of ram and you want to launch between 1 and 10 containers, you'll pay between $5.4 and $54 depending on your actual traffic.
What are the main differences between the plans?
The free plan is designed to let you get started quickly and to deploy non-critical applications. The $79/mo startup plan is designed for small production apps. If you're deploying large, mission-critical applications, require high RAM and CPU configurations, or specific locations please contact us!
What is outbound bandwidth?
All the data we're sending toward end-users through our CDN and outside of our platform is counted as outbound bandwidth. We're carefully selecting our cloud service providers to get at $0.04/GB transferred. If you have huge volumes to transfer and this doesn't work, contact us to find solutions.
Can I deploy with my own domain?
Yes! You can use your own domain and we automatically provide SSL. We provide one custom domain for free and each subsequent domain is $1/month.
When can I cancel my subscription?
Whenever you want! Your subscription will end the last day of the current calendar month.
Another question?
Contact us!
Ready to get started?
Koyeb lets developers deploy their apps globally in minutes.
Get started for free
