Announcing US-East 🇺🇸 region: Deploy your apps in Washington, DC
Simple pricing for all your projects
Pay-per-use by the second
For side-projects
$0/month
Get Started for Free
Start for free with $5.50 credit included every month
Run web apps, APIs, and workers
Continuous deployment with Git
Global load-balancing with HTTP/2 and full SSL
Containers, Node, Python, Go, Rust, Ruby, Elixir, and more
Going live?
Flexible monthly plans for projects and organizations of all sizes.
For production apps
$79/month
Get started
All native features
6 users included
Up to 16GB RAM and 16 vCPU per service
99.9% uptime SLA
E-mail support
Scaling & mission critical apps
Tailored to your requirements.
Contact us
Special zones with reserved capacity
High RAM and CPU configurations
99.99% uptime SLA
24×7×365 premium support
Always included
Infrastructure autohealing
High-performance edge network
Service mesh & discovery
Automatic OS patching
Autoscaling (coming soon)
Pay-per-use by the second
Each plan is billed depending on usage in addition to the base price.
Great companies trust us
Compute pricing
When you deploy an app, we deploy containers inside of microVMs runing on top of high-performance bare metal servers. You can scale your apps as you need.
All your apps are charged based on usage, per second.
Per second
Per month
Nano
Micro
Small
Medium
Large
XLarge
CPU
1
2
4
8
RAM
256MB
512MB
1GB
2GB
4GB
8GB
DISK
2.5GB SSD
5GB SSD
10GB SSD
20GB SSD
40GB SSD
80GB SSD
PRICE
$2.7/mo
$5.4/mo
$10.7/mo
$21.4/mo
$42.9/mo
$85.7/mo
Backed by high-end Intel and AMD CPU
Inbound bandwidth
Free with global edge acceleration and built-in DDoS Mitigation
Outbound bandwidth
100GB of free transfer, $0.04/GB afterwards. Global CDN included.
For Open Source projects
We're happy to sponsor open source projects with free or discounted resources.
Contact us
Frequently Asked Questions
Is the free plan really free?
Yes, it's completely free! We provide $5.5 of monthly usage credit for free which you can use with any container size up to 2GB of RAM and 100GB of bandwidth. This is equivalent to 1388 hours of nano usage so around 2 full-time nano services!
How are processing and bandwidth charged?
Once you've consumed you're monthly free tier, we start billing you on a pay-per-use basis. Processing is accounted per second and billing is rounded up to the nearest unit. We charge you at the end of the calendar month.
How much do additionnal app services cost?
Application services are charged depending on the effective usage, starting at $0.00001/second. You define the price you want to pay when you choose the contaner size and the scale. If your app requires a $5.40 container and you want to launch 10 containers, you'll pay $54 per month.
What are the main differences between the plans?
The free plan is designed to let you get started quickly and to deploy non-critical applications. The $79/mo startup plan is designed for small production apps. If you're deploying large, mission-critical applications, require high RAM and CPU configurations, or specific locations please contact us!
What is outbound bandwidth?
All the data we're sending toward end-users through our CDN and outside of our platform is counted as outbound bandwidth.
We're carefully selecting our cloud service providers to get at $0.04/GB transferred. If you have huge volumes to transfer and this doesn't work, contact us to find solutions.
Can I deploy with my own domain?
Yes! You can use your own domain and we automatically provide SSL. We provide one custom domain for free and each subsequent domain is $1/month.
When can I cancel my subscription?
Whenever you want! Your subscription will end immediately and you will receive a prorated credit for the subscription's unused time.
Another question?
Checkout our full pricing documentation
.
Ready to get started?
Koyeb lets you deploy your apps globally in minutes.
Get started for free
