Descope has raised $53M led by Lightspeed and GGV Capital! Learn More >
dark background image for section
Pricing
Simple and transparent pricing for every app
Start for free and scale as you go.
Descope pricing plans
Start here
Free Forever
Secure, frictionless auth to build and grow your app.
Start now
Monthly price: free
Up to 7500 MAUs (monthly active users)
Up to 50 tenants (Up to 5 SAML tenants)
Community support
Get your questions answered on AuthTown, our Slack community.
99% SLA
No Descope watermark
Your sign-up screens will only have your brand.
Pro
We are ready for scale when you are.
Speak with us
Monthly price: $0.10 per user, $20 per tenant
Unlimited users
Unlimited tenants / All auth methods supported
Web and Slack support
Ticketing support with SLAs.
99.99% SLA
No Descope watermark
Your sign-up screens will only have your brand.
Enterprise
Dedicated support and enhanced security.
Speak with us
Custom pricing and tiered discounting
Unlimited users
Unlimited tenants / All auth methods supported
Customer success engineer
99.99% SLA
No Descope watermark
Your sign-up screens will only have your brand.
In-depth comparison
Free
Pro
Enterprise
Authentication Methods
Biometrics/Passkeys
Email Magic Links
Email OTP
Authenticator Apps
SMS delivery with Descope
Up to 100 per month
Unlimited
SMS delivery with your connector
Unlimited
Social Login
SAML SSO
Up to 5 tenants
Unlimited
MFA / Step up authentication
User Management
Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
Access Keys API keys for machine-to-machine authentication.
Up to 50
Unlimited
User Provisioning (SCIM)
Audit Trail
Retention for 7 days
Retention for 30 days
Custom
Security
Secure Session Management Session management with logout capabilities across all logged in devices.
Device Fingerprinting
Risk-Based Authentication
Bot Protection
Basic bot protection
Enhanced bot protection
Custom Domain
Common pricing questions
What is a monthly active user (MAU)
A monthly active user is any user of your application that engages with Descope’s platform by signing up or signing in over a 1-month time period. There are no extra charges for multiple sign-ins or increased activity per user.
What is a tenant?
For B2B apps, a tenant is your customer (sometimes referred to as an account). A tenant can have one or more users. For example, if your B2B app has three customers, namely Customer1 (with 10 users), Customer2 (with 3 users), and Customer3 (with 50 users), then you have three tenants.
What if I have 1000s of tenants in a B2C model?
If your business app follows a small and medium sized business (SMB) or B2C type model, we are happy to find a pricing that's a right fit for your project. Let's talk
!
Are all the capabilities in the Free tier really free?
Yes! We want to enable apps that are early in their journey with secure, frictionless authentication that helps them grow. Our Free Forever tier is fully-featured, does NOT have a Descope watermark on any sign-in screens, and supports every authentication method that our paid tiers support.
Can I get custom pricing?
Special pricing for education, non profit organizations, charities, as well as volume discounts are available. Speak with us
about a plan that works for you.
What happens if I exceed 7500 MAUs or 50 tenants while on the free plan?
We know that user login is critical as it’s the entry gate to any application. If you exceed the MAU or tenants limit while on the Free Forever plan, you will receive a warning email informing you of the same with a grace period to upgrade to the Pro tier.
Once the grace period has passed, your app will lose access to Descope.
dark background image for section
Ready for liftoff?
If you’ve seen all you need to see, sign up and get started with Descope. If you have questions, we’d be happy to meet and answer them.
Speak with us
go to home
Product
App Use Cases
Authentication Methods
Developers
Resources
Company
Legal
Copyright © Descope Inc. All rights reserved.
Github
LinkedIn
Twitter
slack
youtube
