Descope named a G2 High Performer in CIAM, MFA & SSO based on customer reviews. Learn more >
dark background image for section
Pricing
Simple and transparent pricing for every app
Start for free and scale as you go.
Descope pricing plans
Start here
Free Forever
Secure, frictionless auth to build and grow your app.
Start now
Monthly price: free
Up to 7500 MAUs (monthly active users)
Up to 50 tenants (Up to 5 SSO tenants)
Essential security and user protection
No Custom Domain
Community support
99% SLA
No Descope watermark
Minimum $250 per month (annual commit)
Pro
Ready for scale when you are. Custom pricing available.
Subscribe
$0.05 per user, $5 per active tenant, $50 per SSO tenant
Unlimited users
Unlimited tenants
Enhanced security and user protection
Custom Domain
Web and Slack support
99.99% SLA
No Descope watermark
Enterprise
Dedicated support and enhanced security.
Speak with us
Custom pricing and tiered discounting
Unlimited users
Unlimited tenants
Enhanced security and user protection
Custom Domain
Customer success engineer
99.99% SLA
No Descope watermark
dark background image for section
Descope for startups
Are you part of an early-stage startup? Apply for our Hello World Startup Plan to get Descope's Pro Tier free of charge for one year.
Learn more
In-depth comparison
Free
Pro
Enterprise
Authentication Methods
Biometrics / Passkeys
Email Magic Links
Email OTP
Authenticator Apps
SMS / voice call delivery with Descope
Up to 100 per month
Unlimited
SMS / voice calls with your connector
Unlimited
Social Login
SAML / OIDC SSO
Up to 5 tenants
Unlimited
MFA / Step up authentication
Identity Federation
Add-on
User Management
Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
Access Keys
Up to 50
Unlimited
User Provisioning (SCIM)
Localization
Test Users
Up to 5
Up to 500
Audit Trail
Retention for 7 days
Retention for 30 days
Custom
Security
Secure Session Management
Device Fingerprinting
Add-on
Risk-Based Authentication
Bot Protection
Basic bot protection
Enhanced bot protection
Custom Domain
Common pricing questions
What is a monthly active user (MAU)?
A monthly active user is any user of your application that engages with Descope’s platform by signing up or signing in over a 1-month time period. There are no extra charges for multiple sign-ins or increased activity per user.
What is a tenant?
For B2B apps, a tenant is your customer (sometimes referred to as an account). A tenant can have one or more users. For example, if your B2B app has three customers, namely Customer1 (with 10 users), Customer2 (with 3 users), and Customer3 (with 50 users), then you have three tenants.
What is an active tenant?
A tenant is active if two or more users are associated with the tenant and at least one user logs in within a month.
What if I have 1000s of tenants in a B2C model?
If your business app follows a small and medium sized business (SMB) or B2C type model, we are happy to find a pricing that's a right fit for your project. Let's talk
!
Are all the capabilities in the Free tier really free?
Yes! We want to enable apps that are early in their journey with secure, frictionless authentication that helps them grow. Our Free Forever tier is fully-featured, does NOT have a Descope watermark on any sign-in screens, and supports every authentication method that our paid tiers support.
Do I move to the Pro tier if I hit either the MAU or the tenant limit?
Yes. You move to the Pro tier if your app has either more than 7500 users or more than 50 tenants (or more than 5 SAML tenants). Here are a couple of examples:
If your app has 10 tenants and 8000 MAUs, you will move to the Pro tier because your app has over 7500 MAUs.
If your app has 60 tenants and 500 MAUs, you will move to the Pro tier because your app has over 50 tenants.
If I have more than 7500 MAUs, will I be charged from user 1 or user 7501?
If you exceed the MAU limit on the Free Forever tier, you will be charged for each monthly active user. For example, if your app has 8000 MAUs, you will be charged $400 per month (8000 MAUs x $0.05 per MAU per month).
If I have more than 50 tenants, will I be charged from tenant 1 or tenant 51?
If you exceed the tenant limit on the Free Forever tier, you will be charged for each tenant. For example, if your app has 60 active tenants, you will be charged $300 per month (60 tenants x $5 per active tenant per month).
How do you calculate pricing?
Since your app can have users, tenants, or a combination of the two, pricing is calculated in an additive manner. The basic monthly pricing calculation is (# of users x $0.05) + (# of active tenants x $5). Let’s take a couple of examples to illustrate:
If you have an app with 10,000 users and 0 tenants, your monthly price will be $500 i.e. (10,000 x $0.05) + (0 x $5).
If you have an app with 1000 users and 60 tenants, your monthly price will be $350 i.e. (1000 x $0.05) + (60 x $5).
Can I get custom pricing?
Special pricing for education, non profit organizations, charities, as well as volume discounts are available. Speak with us
about a plan that works for you.
What happens if I exceed 7500 MAUs or 50 tenants while on the Free Forever tier?
We know that user login is critical as it’s the entry gate to any application. If you exceed the MAU or tenants limit while on the Free Forever tier, you will receive a warning email informing you of the same with a grace period to upgrade to the Pro tier.
Once the grace period has passed, your app will lose access to Descope.
What happens if I exceed the number of SMS / voice call deliveries per month when using Descope connectors?
If you exceed 100 SMS and voice call deliveries per month while using Descope connectors, end users will not be able to sign up or sign in using text messages or voice calls.
To avoid this, you can use your own connectors (e.g. with Twilio) or purchase SMS packages to continue using Descope's connectors.
We will send you notification emails when your Project is approaching the monthly limit and when your Project has exceeded the limit. For more questions, please reach out to support@descope[.]com.
dark background image for section
Ready for liftoff?
If you’ve seen all you need to see, sign up and get started with Descope. If you'd like a demo, meet with our auth experts.
Schedule a demo
go to home
Product
App Use Cases
Authentication Methods
Developers
Resources
Company
Legal
Copyright © Descope Inc. All rights reserved.
Github
LinkedIn
Twitter X
slack
youtube
