Skip to main content
Get your complimentary copy of the Gartner Report: IAM Adapts to Secure and Enable AI Agents. Let's go >
Log In
Pricing
Simple and transparent pricing for every app
Start for free and scale as you go. Scroll down for detailed plan comparisons.
Chat with Sales
Anonymously - no Slack account required
Free Forever
$0
For hobbyists, tinkerers, and solo builders.
Start now
No overages. Upgrade required to exceed limits.
What’s included:
7,500 Monthly active users (MAUs)
10 Monthly active tenants
3 SSO connections
1 Federated app (OIDC)
5 Test users
10,000 M2M exchanges
2,000 Monthly active consents (MACs)
2,000 Monthly active tokens (MATKs)
Core features:
Unlimited projects
All auth methods
Role-based access control
MFA / step-up authentication
Secure session management
Self-service admin widgets
Third-party connectors
No Descope watermark
Community support
99% SLA
Pro
Starts at $249 /mo
For early-stage startups.
Speak with us
Billed annually. Usage-based overages apply (see detailed pricing below).
What’s included:
10,000 Monthly active users (MAUs)
35 Monthly active tenants
5 SSO connections
2 Federated apps (SAML / OIDC)
100 Test users
50,000 M2M exchanges
5,000 Monthly active consents (MACs)
5,000 Monthly active tokens (MATKs)
Everything in Free Forever, plus:
Custom Domain
Google One Tap
Custom OIDC Provider
SSO for third-party apps
Self-service SSO setup
CI / CD integration
Localization
Web and Slack support
SOC 2 reports
99.99% SLA
Growth
Starts at $799 /mo
For growth-stage startups and scaleups.
Speak with us
Billed annually. Usage-based overages apply (see detailed pricing below).
What’s included:
25,000 Monthly active users (MAUs)
100 Monthly active tenants
10 SSO connections
Unlimited Federated apps (SAML / OIDC)
500 Test users
100,000 M2M exchanges
10,000 Monthly active consents (MACs)
10,000 Monthly active tokens (MATKs)
Everything in Pro, plus:
Bot protection
1M Anonymous users
Zero-downtime SSO migration
SCIM provisioning
Fine-grained authorization
External audit connectors
Multi-region data residency
HIPAA BAA
FedRAMP High deployments
Enterprise
Contact Us
For large enterprises.
Everything in Growth, plus:
Tiered discounts
Premium support add-on
Dedicated CS engineer
Custom deployments
Unlimited test users
Unlimited anonymous users
Speak with us
Enterprise
Contact Us
For large enterprises.
Speak with us
Everything in Growth, plus:
Tiered discounts
Premium support add-on
Dedicated CS engineer
Custom deployments
Unlimited test users
Unlimited anonymous users
Which plan is right for me?
Pro
Growth
Enterprise
Production ready
Take auth live with custom domains and CI / CD piping.
The start of SSO
Delight your early B2B customers with SSO and self-service config.
Support essentials
Get peace of mind with web / Slack support and 99.99% SLA.
Global reach
Deploy user journeys across apps and geos while staying compliant.
Scaling signups
Grow your userbase with anonymous user tracking.
Complete B2B CIAM
Move upmarket with SCIM, FGA, and zero-friction SSO migration.
No caps
Enjoy custom pricing, tiered discounting, and unlimited access to test users and access tokens.
Premium support
Work with our DevRel experts as an extension of your team to ensure ongoing success.
Ecosystem ready
Extend your user journey to third-party partner applications.
Learn more
Descope for startups
Are you part of an early-stage startup? Apply for our Hello World Startup Plan to get Descope's Pro Tier free of charge for one year.
Apply
In-depth comparison
Free
Pro
Growth
Enterprise
Pricing
Base monthly price
$0
$249
$799
Speak with us
MAUs included
Additional MAU fee
7,500
10,000
$0.05
25,000
$0.05
Custom
Tenants included
Additional tenant fee
10
35
$1
100
$1
Custom
SSO connections included
Additional SSO conn. fee
3
5
$50
10
$50
Custom
Federated apps included
1 (OIDC)
2 (SAML / OIDC)
Unlimited (SAML / OIDC)
Unlimited
M2M exchanges included
Additional M2M exchange fee
10,000
50,000
$2 per 1000 exchanges
100,000
$2 per 1000 exchanges
Custom
Test users included
5
100
500
Unlimited
MACs included
Additional MAC fee
2,000
5,000
$0.05
10,000
$0.05
Custom
MATKs included
Additional MATK fee
2,000
5,000
$0.05
10,000
$0.05
Custom
Auth Methods
Biometrics / Passkeys
Email Magic Links
Email OTP
Authenticator Apps
SMS / voice call delivery with Descope
Up to 100 per month
SMS / voice calls with your connector
Unlimited
Email delivery with Descope
Up to 1,000 per day
Up to 10,000 per day
Email delivery with your connector
Unlimited
Social Login
Google One Tap
SAML / OIDC SSO
Up to 3 connections
Up to 5 connections
Add-on available
Up to 10 connections
Add-on available
Custom
Custom OIDC Provider
User Management
Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
Fine-Grained Authorization (FGA)
User Provisioning (SCIM)
SSO Setup Suite
Widgets
Localization
Audit Interface
Descope UI only
Descope UI + external connectors
Audit Retention
1 week
1 month
Add-on available
1 month
Add-on available
Custom
Anonymous Users
1M
Unlimited
SSO Migration
Security
Secure Session Management
Adaptive MFA
Step-up Authentication
Bot Protection
Custom Domain
SOC 2 Reports
HIPAA BAA
Platform
Scriptlets
Connectors
CI / CD Integration
Up to 3 Projects
Up to 10 Projects
Unlimited
Multi-Region Deployments
Common Descope pricing questions
What is a monthly active user (MAU)?
A monthly active user is any user of your application that engages with Descope’s platform by signing up or signing in over a 1-month time period. There are no extra charges for multiple sign-ins or increased activity per user.
What is a tenant?
For B2B apps, a tenant is your customer (sometimes referred to as an account). A tenant can have one or more users. For example, if your B2B app has three customers, namely Customer1 (with 10 users), Customer2 (with 3 users), and Customer3 (with 50 users), then you have three tenants.
What is an active tenant?
A tenant is active if two or more users are associated with the tenant and at least one user logs in within a month. Descope only charges for active tenants.
What is an SSO connection?
An SSO connection is any connection between a tenant and an identity provider using SAML / OIDC SSO to access your B2B application. Since Descope supports multiple SSO configurations per tenant, one tenant can have more than one SSO connection. Descope charges for every configured SSO connection.
What is a federated app?
A federated app is a third-party app used by your organization (e.g. a support portal like Zendesk, a CRM like Salesforce) that uses Descope SAML / OIDC authentication. Descope charges for every configured federated app.
What is an M2M exchange?
An M2M exchange is any token exchange using machine-to-machine flows, including:
client_credentials access token exchanges
/key/exchange access key exchanges
oauth_token_exchange flows
These exchanges are priced separately because they involve policy enforcement and enable secure delegation between services and AI agents.
What is a monthly active consent (MAC)?
For Descope Inbound Apps
and MCP authentication
scenarios, a monthly active consent (MAC) is counted when a unique user consents to any scope for a specific resource at least once in a month. Descope only charges for active consents. There are no extra charges for multiple instances of consents to the same scopes given by the same user to the same app / MCP server within a month.
What is a monthly active token (MATK)?
For Descope Outbound Apps
and Connections
scenarios, a monthly active token is any instance where a token is fetched and used to perform an action. Descope only charges for active tokens. There are no extra charges for multiple instances of the same token being fetched and used to perform an action within a month.
A Monthly Active Token (MAT) is counted per user/tenant × outbound app/connection when a token is used at least once in a month. Here are a few scenarios to illustrate:
If one user uses one app with the same scopes, that's one MAT
If one user uses one app but with two different scopes for two different use cases, that's two MATs
If one user has two different user handles connected with the same app (e.g. Instagram and Instagram Business), that's two MATs
Do I move to the Pro tier if I hit either the MAU, tenant, or SSO connection limit on Free Forever?
You must move to the Pro tier if your app hits any of the limits–more than 7500 MAUs, 10 tenants, or 3 SSO connections.
Don't worry, your service won’t be immediately interrupted if you don’t move to Pro. If you exceed the MAU or tenants limit while on the Free Forever tier, you will receive a warning email informing you of the same with a grace period to upgrade to the Pro tier. Once the grace period has passed, your app may then lose access to Descope.
Here are a couple of examples:
If your app has 5 tenants and 8000 MAUs, you will need to move to the Pro tier because your app has over 7500 MAUs.
If your app has 60 tenants and 500 MAUs, you will need to move to the Pro tier because your app has over 10 tenants.
If I go over the MAU, tenant, or SSO connection counts included in my paid plan, how will I be charged for overages?
If you go over the allocated amount of MAUs, tenants, or SSO connections in your paid plan, you will be charged your base plan price plus any overage starting from the first unit over the allocated amount.
Example:
You are a Descope Pro customer, which includes 7,500 MAUs. During a month, you have 8,000 MAUs, so you exceed your plan by 500 MAUs.
You will be charged an overage fee for each additional 500 MAUs at the specified overage rate per your plan. If your overage MAU cost is $.05, then you will be charged an additional $25 on top of your base plan price.
Can I get custom pricing?
Special pricing for education, non profit organizations, charities, as well as volume discounts are available. Speak with us
about a plan that works for you.
What happens if I exceed the number of SMS / voice call deliveries per month when using Descope connectors?
If you exceed 100 SMS and voice call deliveries per month while using Descope connectors, end users will not be able to sign up or sign in using text messages or voice calls.
To avoid this, you can use your own connectors (e.g. Twilio, Amazon SNS, Telesign) or purchase SMS packages to continue using Descope's connectors.
We will send you notification emails when your Project is approaching the monthly limit and when your Project has exceeded the limit. For more questions, please reach out to support@descope[.]com.
Does Descope support FedRAMP High deployments?
Yes. Descope is FedRAMP High Authorized and can provide authentication and identity management for US government agencies and all other organizations requiring FedRAMP High authorized software. This add-on is available only to Growth and Enterprise customers.
Ready for liftoff?
If you’ve seen all you need to see, sign up and get started with Descope. If you'd like a demo, meet with our auth experts.
Speak with us
Descope - Go to homepage
Chat with Sales
Anonymously - no Slack account required
Product
App Use Cases
Authentication Methods
Developers
Resources
Company
Legal
Leave a Descope review
Github Icon Grey
Linkedin Icon Grey
X Grey Icon
Instagram Grey Logo
Slack Icon
YouTube Icon
Bluesky Social
All systems operational
Copyright © Descope Inc. All rights reserved.
