Novu is open-source, help us by starring our GitHub repo 🚀
Flexible pricing
for companies and developers
Cloud
Self-hosted
How many events do you need per month?
0
0 5,000,000+
Open Beta*
Free For testing and evaluation or small-scale deployments.
$ 0
per month
Up to 10K events a month
Get started for free
Open Beta*
Indie Dev Small projects by up to 2 indie-hackers.
$ 25
per month
20K events/month included
Get started for free
Open Beta*
Business Good place for bigger projects, startups, and full fledge businesses.
$ 200
per month
60K events/month included
Get started for free
Enterprise For bigger business, looking for Premium Enterprise Support, custom SLA’s, or very large deployments.
Contact us
1M events/month included
Contact sales
*During Open Beta, all tariffs except Enterprise are free to use.
Compare our plans
Platform Notifications
Plan Includes
Maximum Events
Active Templates
Active Providers
Channels & Providers Library
Team members
Full API
In-App In-App UI
Remove Novu Branding
Feed Retention
Feed API
Advanced Features User Preferences
Digest
Time Awareness
Testing Templates
Advanced Routing Engine
Internalization
Topics
Email Callback
Monitoring
Log Retention
Security & Compliance SSO, SAML, LDAP, ADFS
User Roles & Permissions
SOC II, PCI, GDPR
HIPPA, DPA
Uptime SLA
Initial Support SLA
Custom SLA’s
Audit Logs
Hybrid Cloud
Support
Priority Support
Free
Get started
Unlimited 0 10K 10 6 All 2
30 days
7
95% 3 business days Community Discord
Indie Dev
Get started
Unlimited 20K Up to 100K 10 6 All 2
90 days
7
99.99% 2 business days Email + Chat
Business
Get started
Unlimited 60K Up to 5M Unlimited Unlimited All Unlimited
1 year
30
99.99% 2 business days Email + Chat At an additional price
Enterprise
Get started
Unlimited 1M Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited All Unlimited
3 years
30+
Custom Custom Email + Chat + Team Training + Enterprise Support + Team Onboarding + Dedicated Discord/Slack channel At an additional price
Frequently Asked Questions
Looking for answers? Here are some common questions we've been asked.
What is a trigger event?
A trigger event (also called an event) is a request that kicks off a process in Novu logic engine (API call to /v1/events/trigger for example). A trigger event can make many different types of actions, including digests, delays, and sending notifications to various channels, as well filters and user preference checks. You are charged for trigger event that starts a process in the logic engine for each unique subscriber.
What is a notification?
A notification is any message sent over any channel, after Novu logic engine, Novu user preferences, and your configuration calculated and crafted the message. A notification can be sent to an email, In-App notification center, chat, push, and more.
What are the differences between Novu Cloud and Open Source?
Novu Open source
is a technology available under an MIT license, build and maintained by Novu community. You can adapt it to your needs, contribute, or simply use docker files and run it. Novu Cloud is a managed service run, managed, and maintained by Novu, Cloud version is scalable and robust by design, including uptime SLAs, and more business-facing features, that are not available under the Open Source version.
Can I send more than 1 million events a month on Novu Cloud?
Yes, you absolutely can. Our managed cloud system was built to scale with your usage, so you don’t have to worry about it.
Do you offer any enterprise plan?
Yes, we do. Enterprise plans are available for teams who require extended enterprise-grade features, and specific SLAs or have unique concerns about PII, security, insurance, or legal. Feel free to reach out to us over Intercom, or send us an email at sales@novu.co
.
Do you have offer enterprise support plan?
As part of our enterprise support, you’ll get our usual support channels as well as a Microsoft Teams/Slack/Discord channel. In case you want to add an enterprise support plan, with dedicated technical support, we are happy to offer that next to an active enterprise plan.
How long is the open beta for? When do you plan to start charging?
We plan to convert to the paid version of Novu sometime between Q2 and Q4 of 2023. We will ensure that we contact all of our customers at least x months before the switch so that you have plenty of time to ensure your systems are not impacted.
I need more events or enterprise features, can you help?
We sure can. We are happy to work with enterprises and build Novu to support both their needs as well as the grand community ones. From new features, security, and privacy, or if you need to send dozens or hundreds of events a month, we are here to help. Feel free to reach out to us over Chat, or send us an email at sales@novu.co
.
What should I do if I have regulatory or security issues with PII?
We regularly work with big companies and are happy to help and support you with guidance, and various compliances including reports to ease your security and legal team. If you have very complicated PII needs, you can use our OS version, Novu Hybrid-Cloud enterprise plan, or reach out to us at sales@novu.co
or our support, or Discord
.
Do you promise any Service Level Agreement (SLA)?
We sure do! First of all we promise uptime SLA for our cloud system for 99.99%. We also offer an initial 2 days support SLA, but most enquiries on our Intercom or Discord
get a response in a couple of hours. For our enterprise plan we can offer upgraded SLA as part of the commercial contract.
Can I use Novu free of charge?
Yes, you can. If you send less than 10K events per month, then Novu Cloud is entirely free. Another option is to deploy the Open-Source version of Novu onto your own infrastructure, but that does not give you the unique SLA and global redundancy we have in the Cloud version of Novu.
Subscribe to the blog updates
Novu's latest articles, right in your inbox. Keep in touch with our news and updates.
Subscribe
