Flexible pricing
for companies and developers
Free For testing and evaluation or small-scale deployments.
$ 0
per month
30K events/month included
Get started for free
Business Good place for bigger projects, startups, and businesses.
$ 250
per month
50K events/month included
$3.00 per 1000 additional events
Get started for free
Enterprise For businesses that need Premium Enterprise Support, custom SLAs, and/or very large deployments.
Contact us
1M events/month included
Contact us
Compare our plans
Included Monthly Triggers
Additional Events
Trigger Rate Limit (Requests per Second)
Unlimited Workflows
Unlimited Providers
Unlimited Subscribers
Unlimited Team Members
Topics
Notification Center Feed Retention
Remove Branding
Notification Center & Headless Components
Features Subscriber Preference API
Digest Engine
Translation Management
Activity Feed Retention
Inbound Reply Email
Role-Based Access Control
G-Suite and GitHub SSO
SAML SSO & Azure AD SSO
Support
Initial Support SLA
Audit Logs
SOC II, ISO27001, GDPR
Uptime SLA
Dataware house connections
Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
Provider Webhook Integration
Free
Get started
30K N/A 60RPS Unlimited
90 days
7 days Chat 5 business days 99.9%
Business
Get started
50K Starts at $3.00 per 1000 additional monthly events 600RPS Unlimited
1 year
30 days Coming Soon Chat + Email 2 business days 99.9%
Enterprise
Contact Us
Custom Custom Custom Unlimited
Custom
30+ days Coming Soon Enterprise - Dedicated Account Manager 1 business day Custom
Frequently Asked Questions
Looking for answers? Here are some common questions we've been asked.
What is a trigger event?
A trigger event (also called an event) is a request that kicks off a process in Novu logic engine (API call to /v1/events/trigger for example). A trigger event can make many different types of actions, including digests, delays, and sending notifications to various channels, as well filters and user preference checks. You are charged for trigger event that starts a process in the logic engine for each unique subscriber.
What is a notification?
A notification is any message sent over any channel, after Novu logic engine, Novu user preferences, and your configuration calculated and crafted the message. A notification can be sent to an email, In-App notification center, chat, push, and more.
What are the differences between Novu Cloud and Open Source?
Novu Open source
is a technology available under an MIT license, build and maintained by Novu community. You can adapt it to your needs, contribute, or simply use docker files and run it. Novu Cloud is a managed service run, managed, and maintained by Novu, Cloud version is scalable and robust by design, including uptime SLAs, and more business-facing features, that are not available under the Open Source version.
Can I send more than 1 million events a month on Novu Cloud?
Yes, you absolutely can. Our managed cloud system was built to scale with your usage, so you don’t have to worry about it.
Do you offer any enterprise plan?
Yes, we do. Enterprise plans are available for teams who require extended enterprise-grade features, and specific SLAs or have unique concerns about PII, security, insurance, or legal. Feel free to reach out to us over Intercom, or send us an email at sales@novu.co
.
Do you offer an enterprise support plan?
As part of our enterprise support, you’ll get our usual support channels as well as a Microsoft Teams/Slack/Discord channel. In case you want to add an enterprise support plan, with dedicated technical support, we are happy to offer that next to an active enterprise plan.
How long is the open beta for? When do you plan to start charging?
We plan to convert to the paid version of Novu sometime in 2024. We will ensure that we contact all of our customers at least 2 months before the switch so that you have plenty of time to ensure your systems are not impacted.
I need more events or enterprise features, can you help?
We sure can. We are happy to work with enterprises and build Novu to support both their needs as well as the grand community ones. From new features, security, and privacy, or if you need to send dozens or hundreds of events a month, we are here to help. Feel free to reach out to us over Chat, or send us an email at sales@novu.co
.
What should I do if I have regulatory or security issues with PII?
We regularly work with big companies and are happy to help and support you with guidance, and various compliances including reports to ease your security and legal team. If you have very complicated PII needs, you can use our OS version, Novu Hybrid-Cloud enterprise plan, or reach out to us at sales@novu.co
or our support, or Discord
.
Do you promise any Service Level Agreement (SLA)?
We sure do! First of all we promise uptime SLA for our cloud system for 99.99%. We also offer an initial 2 days support SLA, but most enquiries on our Intercom or Discord
get a response in a couple of hours. For our enterprise plan we can offer upgraded SLA as part of the commercial contract.
Can I use Novu free of charge?
Yes, you can. If you send less than 30K events per month, then Novu Cloud is entirely free. Another option is to deploy the Open-Source version of Novu onto your own infrastructure, but that does not give you the unique SLA and global redundancy we have in the Cloud version of Novu.
Subscribe to the blog updates
Novu's latest articles, right in your inbox. Keep in touch with our news and updates.
Subscribe
