Flexible pricing
for companies and developers
Free A generous free tier for testing and evaluation, or smaller requirements.
$ 0
per month
30K events/month included
Get started for free
Business Best fit for most businesses.
$ 250
per month
250K events/month included
$1.20 per 1,000 additional events
Get started for free
Enterprise For businesses with the most demanding notification requirements.
Contact us
5M events/month included
Contact us
Compare our plans
Platform Included monthly events
Additional events
Environments
Max API Requests (RPS) (Trigger events/Configuration/Global)
Channels supported: email, in-app, SMS, chat, push, and custom
Notification Subscribers
GUI-based workflows
Code-based workflows
Subscriber management
Multi-org/Multi-tenancy
Novu Framework Maximum Workflows
Provider integrations
Activity Feed retention
Notification Digests
Workflow Step Controls
Translations
Block-based email editor
Inbox Inbox component
User preferences component
Bell component
Notifications component
Content component
Remove Novu branding
Administration and Security Maximum team members
Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
Standard SAML authentication (Google, GitHub)
Custom SAML SSO, OIDC enterprise providers
Built-In authentication
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
Compliance GDPR
SOC 2 / ISO 27001
HIPAA BAA
Custom security reviews
Data Processing Agreements (DPA)
Free
Get started
30k - 2 60/20/30 per second Unlimited
Unlimited Unlimited 30 days
3
Standard
Business
Get Started
250k $1.20 per 1,000 10 600/200/300 per second Unlimited Q1 2025
Unlimited Unlimited 90 days
Unlimited Q2 2025
Standard
Enterprise
Contact Us
5 million Custom Unlimited 6k/2k/3k per second Unlimited Q1 2025
Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited
Unlimited Q2 2025
Custom
Frequently Asked Questions
Looking for answers? Here are some common questions we've been asked.
What is an event?
An event is a request (for instance, an API call to /v1/events/trigger) that starts off an action in the Novu Workflow Engine. Events can make many different types of actions, including digests, delays, and sending notifications to various channels, as well as filters and user preference checks. For workflows triggered to a topic,
Novu creates one event per topic subscriber, this means that a workflow trigger to a topic with 100 subscribers creates 100 events.
What is a notification?
A notification is any message sent over any channel, after Novu logic engine, Novu user preferences, and your configuration calculated and crafted the message. A notification can be sent to an email, in-app Inbox, chat, push, and more.
What are the differences between Novu Cloud and Open Source?
The Novu Project
is an open source notifications system that is built and maintained by Novu and the Novu community. You can download, modify, build and deploy it yourself, or use pre-built Docker images
to more easily run it in your local environment. Novu Cloud is based on the Novu Project, and is a managed service that we deploy, and manage as a service. It is the most scalable and robust way to enable industry-leading notifications in your apps and website. Novu Cloud includes SLAs, and additional business-level features that are not available in the open source Novu Project.
How many notifications can I send on Novu Cloud?
Virtually any number you need to. In fact, sending is more often limited by your configured providers than Novu Cloud. In general, you won't have to worry about it.
In what regions is Novu Cloud hosted?
Novu Cloud instances are deployed in the US (East coast), and the EU (Germany).
Do you offer an enterprise plan?
Yes. Enterprise plans are available for businesses that require extended enterprise-grade features, and specific SLAs or have unique concerns about PII, security, insurance, or legal. Contact us
to learn more.
Do you offer enterprise support?
As part of our enterprise plan, you’ll get our usual support channels as well as a Microsoft Teams/Slack/Discord channel. In case you want to add an enterprise support plan, with dedicated technical support, we are happy to offer that next to an active enterprise plan.
I need more events or enterprise features, can you help?
We sure can. We are happy to work with enterprises and build Novu to support both their needs as well as the grand community ones. From new features, security, and privacy, or if you need to send dozens or tens of millions of events a month, we are here to help. Contact us
or book a meeting
so we can learn how to help you answer your question.
What should I do if I have regulatory or security issues with PII?
We regularly work with big companies and are happy to help and support you with guidance, and various compliance needs including reports to ease your security and legal team. If you have very complicated PII needs, contact us
or book a meeting
to discuss more.
What is your Service Level Agreement (SLA)?
Our cloud uptime SLA is 99.99%. We also offer a support ticket SLA for our Business and Enterprise tier plans, which includes a private Slack channel with our support team. Free tier and the Novu Project are supported via Discord
.
Can I use Novu free of charge?
Yes, you can. If you send less than 30K events per month, then Novu Cloud is entirely free. Another option is to deploy the Open-Source version of Novu onto your own infrastructure, but that does not give you the unique SLA and global redundancy we have in the Cloud version of Novu.
Subscribe to the blog updates
Novu's latest articles, right in your inbox. Keep in touch with our news and updates.
Subscribe
