Contact support
Sign up for free
Airtable plans overview
Last updated 18 days ago
Permissions
Owner permissions
Related reading
Airtable pricing & plans
Airtable billing overview
How collaborators impact billing
Changing your Airtable plan
Discounted Airtable Plans
Contact Airtable Sales team
What plan types does Airtable offer?
Airtable offers two distinct types of plans: Self-serve and sales lead plans.
What is a self-serve plan?
While Business plans can be purchased independently, we also offer a more personalized Business plan through our sales team. Contact them
to find out if a sales-managed plan might better support your team's needs.
Business and Enterprise scale plans require private email domains, meaning domains like Gmail, Yahoo, etc, are ineligible when upgrading to either plan.
Self-serve plans are plans that include monthly and annual billing options—allowing you to manage billing directly through Airtable. Self-serve plans include:
Team plans
Business plans
Non-profit plans
Student plans
Education plans
What is a sales-lead plan?
Airtable's Sales team sells and manages the Business
and Enterprise Scale plans
Contact them
to find out if either plan might better support your team's needs.
Business and Enterprise scale plans require private email domains, meaning domains like Gmail, Yahoo, etc, are ineligible when upgrading to either plan.
Sales-led plans are built in collaboration with our sales team. The sales-led plans include:
Sales-led Business plans
Enterprise Scale plans
How are self-serve plans billed?
Self-serve plans include monthly and annual billing options and are billed per workspace, not per account.
Self-serve plans allow customers to upgrade individual workspaces
while simultaneously having workspaces on the Free plan.
Team plan owners are billed for any workspace
or base collaborators
with Commenter or higher-level permissions.
Business plan are billed for any workspace
or base collaborators
with Editor or higher-level permissions.
Team, Business, and Enterprise Scale accounts include read-only collaborators, form submissions, and share links
.
How much do individual plans cost?
All Airtable plans are connected to individual workspaces, not accounts. Check out our pricing page
for individual plan pricing.
How are sales-led plans billed?
Billing for Enterprise Scale and Business plans is calculated differently. Reach out to our sales team
for additional context and information.
How do I upgrade from a Free plan to a paid plan?
Check out our Upgrading and downgrading plan article
to learn how upgrade your plan type.
Free plan
After creating a new account in Airtable, your first workspace is automatically upgraded to a 14-day complimentary trial of the Team plan
After your 14-day Team trial is over, you can choose to remain on the Free plan or upgrade your plan
Future Free plan workspaces created under the same account will not receive this complimentary Team trial.
The Free plan is intended for individuals or very small teams just getting started with Airtable.
Plan type
Free
Plan cost
N/A
Plan features
1000 records per base (1000 records per table max will also hit base record limit)
1000 API calls
per workspace per month
1GB per of attachment storage
per base
2 weeks of revision and snapshot history
Unsupported features
Form limitations: No header image customization and Airtable branding cannot be removed
Calendar view limitations: Creating date ranges and Plotting multiple date
fields is unsupported
Record coloring
Extensions
Non-billable collaborator permissions
The following collaborator permissions on the Free plan are included:
Free plan workspaces include unlimited collaborators with "Read only" permissions.
Free plan workspaces are limited to 5 collaborators with Editor or Creator permissions.
Free plan workspaces are limited to 50 collaborators with Commenter permissions.
Included AI credits
500 AI credits per editor and above, per month.
Team plan
The Team plan is intended for teams building apps to collaborate on shared workflows.
Plan type
Team
Plan cost
$24 per collaborator/ per month billed monthly or $20 per collaborator/ per month billed annually
Plan features
50000 records per base (50000 records per table max will also hit base record limit)
100000 API calls
per workspace per month
20GB per of attachment storage
per base
1 year of revision and snapshot history
Access to more Airtable features:
Automations
Extensions
Forms
Interface Designer
Timeline
and Gantt views
Locked and personal views
Select colors
Checkbox styles
Rating field styles
Record coloring
Calendar view
Restricted share links
Non-billable collaborator permissions
The following collaborator permissions on the Team plan are included:
Workspace collaborators with Read-only permissions.
Billable collaborator permissions
The following collaborator permissions on the Team plan are billable:
Workspace Owners.
Workspace collaborators with Creator permissions.
Workspace collaborators with Editor permissions.
Workspace collaborators with Commenter permissions.
Base collaborators with Creator permissions that can access at least 1 base in the shared workspace.
Base collaborators with Editor permissions that can access at least 1 base in the shared workspace.
Base collaborators with Commenter permissions that can access at least 1 base in the shared workspace.
Interface collaborators with Editor permissions.
Interface collaborators with Commenter permissions.
Included AI credits
15000 AI credits per billable collaborator, per month.
Business plans (self-serve)
Business and Enterprise scale plans require private email domains, meaning domains like Gmail, Yahoo, etc, are ineligible when upgrading to either plan.
While Business plans can be purchased independently, we also offer a more personalized Business plan through our sales team. Reach out to our sales team
to learn more about customization and additional details.
The Business plan is intended for teams and departments who need advanced features and basic administration.
Plan type
Business
Plan cost
$54 per collaborator/ per month billed monthly or $45 per collaborator/ per month billed annually. Contact Airtable Sales
for additional information.
Plan features
125000 records per base (125000 records per table max will also hit base record limit)
Unlimited API calls
per workspace per month
100GB per of attachment storage
per base
1 year of revision and snapshot history
Access to more Airtable features:
Automations
Extensions
Forms
Interface Designer
Timeline
and Gantt views
Locked and personal views
Select colors
Checkbox styles
Rating field styles
Record coloring
Calendar view
Two-way sync
Admin panel
Non-billable collaborator permissions
The following collaborator permissions on the self-serve Business plan are included:
Workspace collaborators with Read-only permissions.
Commenters
Billable collaborator permission
The following collaborator permissions on the self-serve Business plan are billable:
Workspace collaborators with Owner permissions.
Workspace collaborators with Creator permissions.
Workspace collaborators with Editor permissions.
Included AI credits
20000 AI credits per paid user, per month.
Business plans (sales-led)
Business and Enterprise scale plans require private email domains, meaning domains like Gmail, Yahoo, etc, are ineligible when upgrading to either plan.
Sales-led Business plans allow customers to access all the Team plan features highlighted above and more. Reach out to our sales team
to learn more about other sales-led Business plan pricing, features, and additional details.
Enterprise Scale plans (sales-led)
Enterprise Scale plans allow customers to access all the Team plan features highlighted above and more. Reach out to our sales team
to learn more about other Enterprise Scale plan plan pricing, features, and additional details.
Business and Enterprise scale plans require private email domains, meaning domains like Gmail, Yahoo, etc, are ineligible when upgrading to either plan.
Enterprise Scale plans include 25000 AI credits per paid user, at list price, per month.
The Enterprise plan is intended for organizations looking to build scalable, flexible apps with powerful governance and administration.
Enterprise Scale plans allow customers to access all the Team plan features highlighted above and more. Reach out to our sales team
to learn more about other Enterprise Scale plan pricing, features, and additional details.
Non-profit plans
Airtable offers 50% off the monthly cost of the Team plan for qualifying organizations.
Check out our Discounted Airtable plans article
to apply for a discounted Non-profit plan.
Student plans
Students and educators with a ".edu" email address are granted a 120-day Team plan trial immediately after creating a workspace on the Free plan. This trial starts before being approved for a discounted or complimentary plan.
Airtable offers students free Team accounts for a single workspace for 6-24 months, depending on your application approval and expected graduation date.
Check out our Discounted Airtable plans article
to apply for a free Student plan.
The Student plan does not include the following features:
Run a script
automation action
Unlimited records per base (limited to 50000)
Unlimited attachment storage (limited to 20GB per base)
Some advanced customization options for forms and views
Education plans
Students and educators with a ".edu" email address are granted a 120-day Team plan trial immediately after opening an Airtable account and creating a workspace. This trial starts before being approved for a discounted or complimentary plan.
Airtable offers 50% off the monthly cost of the Team plan for qualifying educational institution employees.
Check out our Discounted Airtable plans article
to apply for a discounted Education plan.
Team trial plans
After your 14-day trial is over, you can choose to stay on the Free plan or upgrade your plan
After your 14-day trial is over, you can choose to stay on the Free plan or upgrade your plan. Keep in mind that if you add a payment method
to your workspace during your 14-day trial, your workspace is automatically upgraded to the Team plan and billed accordingly.
The Team trial plan is a complementary 14-day trial of the Team plan that automatically starts After creating a workspace on the Free plan.
What features aren't included in the Team trial plan?
The Team trial includes most Team plan features, with two exceptions:
Custom script automation action: the Run a script
action
Premium form features: custom header images, branding removal, and conditional groups
To use these features, upgrade to the Team, Business, or Enterprise plan once your Team trial is complete.
What features are limited when using Team trial plans?
The Team trial applies the following limits:
50000 records per base
10 GB of attachment storage per base
365 days of revision and snapshot history
25000 automation runs per month
10 synced tables per base
7500 credits AI credits per editor/month
To use these features, upgrade to the Team plan once your Team trial is complete.
FAQs
How are self-serve plans different from Business and Enterprise plans sold through Airtable’s Sales team?
Self-serve plans are plans that include monthly and annual billing options. These plans allow you to manage your billing directly through Airtable.
Sales team managed plans are personalized through our sales team and require private email domains, meaning domains like Gmail, Yahoo, etc, are ineligible when upgrading.
Why am I receiving an error when attempting to sign up for a Business or Enterprise Scale plan?
If you received the error, “The email address associated with your account is not eligible to be upgraded to the Business plan. Please ensure you use a valid email domain.” it’s because you’re attempting to sign up using a public email domain like Gmail, Yahoo, etc.
Business and Enterprise Scale plans require nonpublic/private email domains—a domain that's exclusive to a business or organization.
What are private email domains?
Private email domains are domains that are exclusive to a business or organization, unlike Gmail, Yahoo, etc.
Does my plan’s record limit include records hosted in other tables?
Yes, your plan’s record limit is cumulative over different tables. For example, a base with one table that has 50,000 records and a base with two tables of 25000 records each would both be at the limits of the Team plan.
How many bases can a single workspace store?
1500 Bases per workspace
How many tables, views, and fields can a single base store?
1000 Tables per base
1000 Views per base
500 Fields per table
How do I confirm the remaining days of my Team trial plan?
To confirm how many days of your Team trial plan remains:
Open your Airtable home screen
.
A banner under the “Home” section states, “Upgrade to the Team plan before your trial expires in X days.”
Is Airtable’s AI feature, Omni, available on all Airtable plans?
Yes. All Airtable plans include AI functionality with a set number of free AI credits each month.
Check out our Using Omni AI in Airtable article
to learn more about using Omni.
Can I extend my Team trial plan?
If you received an email offering a trial extension and the link doesn't work, contact Airtable Support so we can look into the offer for you. Keep in mind that adding a payment method during your trial automatically upgrades the workspace to the Team plan and starts billing.
No, you can't extend a Team trial yourself. When your 14-day trial ends, you can stay on the Free plan or upgrade to a paid plan at any time. If you'd like more time to evaluate Team features, contact Airtable Support and we can review your request and share more context.
How do I confirm when my monthly or annual workspace plan renews?
To confirm when your monthly or annual workspace plan renews:
Open your Airtable account overview
.
Select the workspace with the plan you want to review from the "Workspace settings" section.
Click Billing.
Your renewal date is visible under the “Billing history” column.
Can I transfer ownership of a workspace on the Free plan to another collaborator?
No. On the Free plan, changing the workspace Owner isn’t supported—upgrading to a paid plan is required to transfer ownership to another collaborator.
Can I export my data from Airtable?
Yes. You can export records from any grid view as a CSV file.
To export records from a grid view:
Open your Airtable home screen.
Open the base you want to export from.
Click the ˅ icon to the right of the grid view name.
Click Download CSV.
Note that each table must be exported as its own CSV — exporting an entire base as a single file isn't supported. For more details, including how attachments are handled and how to convert to Excel format, see Getting started with Airtable views
.
Related Articles
Upgrading and downgrading your Airtable workspace plan
Airtable legacy plans
Applying for non-profit, education, and student Airtable plans
