Security, Performance, and Reliability - all in one package
Application Services Application security and performance
Zero Trust & SASE Employee applications and devices
Network Services On-premise and hybrid networks
Developer Platform Serverless applications
Application Services
Zero Trust & SASE
Network Services
Developer Platform
Compare all features
Need help getting started? Get a personalized recommendation.
Answer 4 Easy Questions
ADD-ONS
Get more from Cloudflare
Take your performance and security even further with Cloudflare’s paid add-ons for Free, Pro, and Business plans.
Performance
Security
Reliability
Serverless
Performance
Security
Reliability
Serverless
Argo Smart Routing
Argo is a service that uses optimized routes across the Cloudflare network to deliver responses to your users more quickly, reliably, and securely. Argo includes: Smart Routing and Tiered Caching.
Learn more
Starting at $5 per month
Activate
Load Balancing
Load Balancing safeguards from service disruptions with local and global traffic load balancing, geographic routing, server health checks, and failover, ensuring the continuous availability of your critical resources.
Learn more
Starting at $5 per month
Activate
Advanced Certificate Manager
Advanced Certificate Manager is a flexible and customizable way to issue and manage certificates in Cloudflare.
Learn more
Starting at $10 per month
Activate
Access
Cloudflare Access protects internal resources by securing, authenticating and monitoring access per-user and by application.
Learn more
Starting at $3 per month
Activate
Rate Limiting
Rate Limiting protects against denial-of-service attacks, brute-force password attempts, and other types of abusive behavior targeting the application layer.
Learn more
Priced on total HTTP traffic
Activate
Image Resizing
Resize images for a variety of device types and connections from a single-source master image. Images can be manipulated by dimensions, compression ratios, and format (AVIF and WebP conversion where supported).
Learn more
50,000 monthly resizing requests included with Pro, Business. $9 per additional 50,000 resizing requests.
Activate
Additional Page Rules
Page Rules allow you to customize Cloudflare's functionality to match the unique needs of your domain or subdomain, helping to optimize speed, harden security, increase reliability, maximize bandwidth savings, and much more.
Learn more
$5 for 5 rules
Activate
Cloudflare Apps
Cloudflare Apps is a simple and powerful way for millions of site owners to get access to tools previously only available to technical experts.
Learn more
Free for all plans
Activate
Cloudflare Registrar
You pay what we pay — you won’t find better value. Cloudflare Registrar securely registers and manages your domain names with transparent, no-markup pricing that eliminates surprise renewal fees and hidden add-on charges.
Learn more
Starting at $7.85
Activate
Workers
Cloudflare Workers lets developers deploy serverless code written in JavaScript, Rust, C, and C++ to Cloudflare's edge, closer to the end user.
Explore SASE / SSE
Try for free
Activate
Video Streaming
Cloudflare Stream makes streaming high quality video at scale, easy and affordable.
Learn more
Starting at $5 per month
Activate
Automatic Platform Optimization
Optimize your WordPress site by switching to a single plugin for CDN, intelligent caching, and other key WordPress optimizations with Cloudflare's Automatic Platform Optimization (APO). Turn it on and go (up to 300% faster).
Learn more
From $5/mo with Free Plan. Included with Pro, Biz, and Ent plans.
Speed Up My Site
Cloudflare Images
Store, resize, and optimize images at scale with Cloudflare Images
Learn More
Starting at $5 per month
Activate
Cache Reserve
Improve cache hit ratios by automatically storing all cacheable files in Cloudflare's persistent object storage buckets and eliminate egress costs while saving your origin servers from unnecessary requests, ensuring faster performance and a better user experience.
Learn more
Cost based on total volume of data stored, along with two classes of operations on that data.
Activate
FAQ
Getting Set Up is Easy
How does Cloudflare work?
Cloudflare protects and accelerates any website online. Once your website is a part of the Cloudflare community, its web traffic is routed through our intelligent global network. We automatically optimize the delivery of your web pages so your visitors get the fastest page load times and best performance. We also block threats and limit abusive bots and crawlers from wasting your bandwidth and server resources.
Where can I learn more about using Cloudflare?
The easiest way to learn how to use Cloudflare is to sign-up, which takes less than 5 minutes.
When is my billing date?
The date you first select a paid plan will be the recurring billing date. For example: If you sign up for the first time on January 10, all future charges will be billed on the 10th of every month.
What happens when I upgrade?
If you currently have a paid plan (e.g. Pro) for one of your domains and upgrade to a higher priced plan (e.g. Business), the following happens:
You will be debited the hourly pro-rata cost of the Business plan until the end of the billing cycle
You will be credited the hourly pro-rata cost of the Pro plan until the end of the billing cycle
At the beginning of the next billing cycle, you will be charged for the full cost of the Business plan
You will receive an invoice upon successful payment of the upgrade
Have more questions? Visit our FAQs page
Get started free in just 5 minutes. Try Cloudflare today.
Get started
Contact sales
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
+1 (650) 319 8930
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars & white papers
Developer docs
theNET
Blog
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Cloudflare Connect 2023
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
© 2024 Cloudflare, Inc. Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Report Security Issues
Cookie Preferences
Trademark
