New Introducing CodeSandbox CDE
Instant cloud development environments.
Learn more
Free to learn and experiment.
Pay as you grow.
Free For learning and experimenting
$0
Get started for free
Usage check Up to 40 hours worth of VM credits Credits measure VM runtime and apply to Devboxes and Repositories.
per month
check 20 GB storage per VM
check VMs up to 4 vCPUs + 8 GB RAM
check Unlimited Devboxes Devboxes are our Cloud Development Environment, which runs in virtual machines and requires VM credits.
and repositories
check 20 Sandboxes Sandboxes are powered by your browser and don't require credits to run.
check 10 personal drafts Personal drafts are Sandbox drafts that are not shareable or embeddable.
check 5 members
Features check Private Sandboxes, Devboxes & repos
check Codeium AI code-completion
check Live collaboration
check VS Code extension
check Instant environment resume
check Instant environment share
Pro Pay as you go with a monthly subscription From
$9 Early access discount
per month
per workspace
Build your Pro plan
Usage check Start from 100 hours worth of VM credits Credits measure VM runtime and apply to Devboxes and Repositories.
per month
check 50 GB storage per VM
check VMs up to 16 vCPUs + 32 GB RAM
check Unlimited Devboxes Devboxes are our Cloud Development Environment, which runs in virtual machines and requires VM credits.
and repositories
check 100 Sandboxes Sandboxes are powered by your browser and don't require credits to run.
check Unlimited personal drafts Personal drafts are Sandbox drafts that are not shareable or embeddable.
check 20 members
check Access on-demand VM credits Credits measure VM runtime and apply to Devboxes and Repositories.
for $0.18 per hour
Features check All free features
Add-ons add More VM credits
add More Sandboxes
Enterprise The future of Cloud Development Environments
Custom
Learn more
Everything in Pro, plus: check Unlimited members
check Unlimited API
check VMs up to 64 vCPUs + 128 GB RAM
check On-premise options
check Private managed cloud
check Dedicated support
check SSO
Customize your Pro plan with optional add-ons More Devbox credits
Additional Sandboxes
Discounts for education, open source and non-profits. Get special conditions and free or low-cost access to CodeSandbox if you're working on educational projects, licensed open-source software, developer community projects or for non-profit organizations.
Learn more
Plan details
Free
Pro
Enterprise
Members The maximum number of members in the workspace.
5
20
Unlimited
Storage The maximum amount of storage space available.
20 GB
50 GB
more with add-ons
Custom
Sandboxes The maximum number of Sandboxes in a workspace.
Learn more about Sandboxes.
20
100
more with add-ons
Custom
Personal drafts The maximum number of Sandbox drafts (not shareable or embeddable) per workspace user.
10
Unlimited
Devboxes The maximum number of Devboxes in a workspace.
Learn more about Devboxes.
Unlimited
Repositories Maximum number of repositories that can be imported in the workspace.
Unlimited
Virtual machines Specs for the best virtual machines that can be used.
4 vCPUs
8 GB RAM
16 vCPUs
32 GB RAM
64 vCPUs
128 GB RAM
Private projects Restrict access to your Sandboxes, Devboxes or repositories.
check
Shareable links Share your Devboxes and Sandboxes with users outside of your workspace.
check
Live sessions Collaborate with others on your devboxes and repositories.
check
API access Automatically create, share and delete sandboxes and branches.
check
Instant environment resume Load an existing Devbox in seconds without having to rebuild all assets.
check
Instant environment share Share your Devbox with the same VM and settings with your team in seconds.
check
Private NPM Use private npm packages from your own custom registry.
close
check
Protected previews Protect who can view your dev server preview. (Coming soon).
close
check
SSO Single Sign-On support for Okta and more.
close
check
Private cloud All static files are served via CDN.
close
check
On-premise options Run on your own infrastructure and we manage it.
close
check
Virtual machine types
Credits / hour
Cost / hour Without subscription savings
CPU
RAM
Frequently asked questions
How much do credits cost and how can I add more to my workspace?
VM credits are only used on Devboxes and repositories, to translate virtual machine (VM) runtime per hour into precise costs. They are priced at $0.018 each.
You can conveniently purchase credits as add-ons to your base package. Adding more credits is a breeze. From your workspace dashboard, go to the settings and navigate to billing. You'll find the option to add to or upgrade your plan effortlessly.
What is the ideal plan for my team size?
Can I define a spending limit for credits?
Do I use credits if someone runs my public Devbox/Repository? And will I continue to be billed for credits after hitting the limit?
What will happen when I hit my workspace member limit on a Pro plan? Will I have the option to pay for more members individually?
I’m currently on a plan with annual billing. Do your new plans have an annual option?
My Sandbox or Devbox is frozen. What does that mean?
What is your cancelation and refund policy?
Join the future of building
Start for free
Request demo chevron_right
