New CodeSandbox is now part of Together AI!
We have joined forces to launch CodeSandbox SDK
and bring code interpretation to generative AI.
Learn more
Free to learn and experiment.
Pay as you grow.
SDK
Editor
Build For learning and experimenting
$0
Get started for free
Usage check 5 members
check 40 hours of monthly VM credits Credits measure VM runtime and apply to VM Sandboxes.
check Unlimited Browser & VM Sandboxes VM Sandboxes run on virtual machines and require VM credits.
Features check CodeSandbox SDK lite Programmatically create and manage Sandboxes at scale, but limited to 10 concurrent VM Sandboxes.
check Private Sandboxes
check VM specs up to 4 vCPUs + 8 GiB RAM
check VS Code extension
Scale Pay as you go with a monthly subscription From
$170
per month per workspace
Start your Scale plan
Everything in Build, plus: Usage check Up to 20 members
check 160 hours of monthly VM credits Credits measure VM runtime and apply to VM Sandboxes.
check Access to on-demand VM credits Credits measure VM runtime and apply to VM Sandboxes.
priced at $0.15 per hour
check 1,000 new Sandboxes an hour
check 250 concurrent VMs Maximum number of VMs you can run simultaneously with CodeSandbox SDK.
check 10,000 hourly requests
Features check CodeSandbox SDK Programmatically create and manage Sandboxes at scale.
check More VM tiers
Enterprise Scale into a custom deployment
Custom
Contact Sales
Everything in Scale, plus: Usage check Unlimited members
check Up to 50% off bulk VM credit Credits measure VM runtime and apply to VM Sandboxes.
packs
check Create as many Sandboxes as you need
check Bespoke concurrent VMs Maximum number of VMs you can run simultaneously with CodeSandbox SDK.
check Hourly request limits tailored to your requirements
Features check VM specs up to 64 vCPUs + 128 GiB RAM
check Dedicated support
check SOC 2 Type II compliance
Optional Extras check SSO
check Your own dedicated cluster
Discounts for education, open source and non-profits. Get special conditions and free or low-cost access to CodeSandbox if you're working on educational projects, licensed open-source software, developer community projects or for non-profit organizations.
Learn more
Plan details
Build
Pro
Scale
Enterprise
Members The maximum number of members in the workspace.
5
20
Unlimited
Storage The maximum amount of storage space available per VM.
20 GB
more on demand
20 GB
more on demand
Custom
Browser Sandboxes The maximum number of Browser Sandboxes in a workspace.
Learn more about Browser Sandboxes.
Unlimited
VM Sandboxes The maximum number of VM Sandboxes in a workspace.
Learn more about VM Sandboxes.
Unlimited
CodeSandbox SDK Programmatically create and manage VM Sandboxes at scale.
check
New SDK Sandboxes The number of Sandboxes you can create in an hour using the CodeSandbox SDK.
20
1,000
Custom
Concurrent VM Sandboxes The maximum number of concurrently running VM Sandboxes for CodeSandbox SDK.
10
250
Custom
SDK Requests Per Hour The hourly rate limit for requests to CodeSandbox SDK.
1,000
10,000
Custom
Session Length How long you can run your Browser and VM Sandboxes for.
Unlimited
Virtual machines Specs for the best virtual machines that can be used.
4 vCPUs
8 GiB RAM
16 vCPUs
32 GiB RAM
16 vCPUs
32 GiB RAM
64 vCPUs
128 GiB RAM
Private projects Restrict access to your Browser & VM Sandboxes.
check
Live sessions Collaborate with others on your VM Sandboxes.
check
Private NPM Use private npm packages from your own custom registry.
check
SOC 2 compliance Ensure the security of your data with our SOC 2 Type II compliance.
check
Virtual machine types
Credits / hour
Cost / hour Without subscription savings
CPU
RAM
Frequently asked questions
How much do credits cost and how can I add more to my workspace?
VM credits are only used on VM Sandboxes to translate virtual machine (VM) runtime per hour into precise costs. They are priced at $0.015 each.
You can conveniently purchase credits as add-ons to your base package. Adding more credits is a breeze. From your workspace dashboard, go to the settings and navigate to billing. You'll find the option to add to or upgrade your plan effortlessly.
What is the ideal plan for my team size?
Can I define a spending limit for credits?
Do I use credits if someone runs my public VM Sandbox? And will I continue to be billed for credits after hitting the limit?
What will happen when I hit my workspace member limit on a Scale plan? Will I have the option to pay for more members individually?
My VM Sandbox is frozen. What does that mean?
What is your cancelation and refund policy?
Join the future of building
Start for free
