Fully Managed, Worry-Free Cron Job Monitoring Service
Rated 4.9 on Capterra. Read reviews
.
Hobbyist
$0 / month
Monitor 20 jobs
100 log entries per job
Sign Up
Supporter
$5 / month
Monitor 20 jobs
100 log entries per job
(But what's the point?)
Sign Up
Business
$20 / month
Monitor 100 jobs
1000 log entries per job
50 SMS & WhatsApp credits
20 phone call credits
Email support
Sign Up
Business Plus
$80 / month
Monitor 1000 jobs
1000 log entries per job
500 SMS & WhatsApp credits
100 phone call credits
Priority email support
Sign Up
Billing Questions
Do you support annual billing?
Yes, and you save 20% when paying annually:
The "Business" plan is $192 / year ($16 / month).
The "Business Plus" plan is $768 / year ($64 / month).
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept Visa, Master Card, American Express, and PayPal.
Will my credit card data be safe?
We process payments using Braintree
a division of PayPal. Your credit card or PayPal credentials are never directly handled by or stored on Healthchecks.io servers.
Braintree is a validated Level 1 PCI DSS Compliant Service Provider. It is on Visa's Global Compliant Provider List and MasterCard's SDP List. Read more
If I cancel my paid plan, do I get a refund?
You can easily cancel your subscription at any time, but no refunds are provided for prorated periods. One exception to this is when you set up a paid subscription for the wrong account–see the next question.
I upgraded the wrong account. What should I do?
If you upgrade the wrong account by mistake (for example, your personal account instead of your company account), please contact us
to issue a refund, so you can avoid getting charged twice.
What happens if my payment method expires?
Healthchecks.io will retry charging the configured payment method, and will notify the account owner about the billing problem via email. Read more in the FAQ
.
Will I receive invoices?
Yes, each time Healthchecks.io charges your payment method, it will generate and email you a PDF invoice. If you've specified your company details (name, address, VAT ID), they will appear on the invoices. You can specify a separate email address for receiving invoices.
Do you offer open-source or nonprofit discounts?
Yes! We offer the Business plan free of charge for open-source projects and nonprofits. Please contact us
to get set up!
Features, Limits and Alternatives
What's the difference between "Hobbyist" and "Supporter" plans?
The "Hobbyist" and "Supporter" plans have the same limits. The "Supporter" plan is offered in case "Hobbyist" fits your usage, but you wish to support Healthchecks.io financially. The "Supporter" plan does not raise the check limit, and does not make it okay to exceed the check limit by creating multiple accounts
.
What is the "log entries per job" number?
Healthchecks.io keeps a historical log of the received pings for each monitored job. The log can be helpful for auditing past activity of your cron jobs.
The number limits how many log entries Healthchecks.io will keep for each monitored job. When the limit is reached, the oldest log entries are removed to make room for new ones. You can increase the limit by upgrading to paid plans.
When is 100 log entries per job enough?
It depends on how frequently your cron job runs and for what period you want to keep a log of received pings. For example, if you monitor a cron job that runs once a week, then the 100 log entries will cover two years. On the other hand, if the cron job runs every 5 minutes, the 100 log entries will only cover 8 hours.
Can I use multiple accounts on Healthchecks.io?
Please do not use multiple accounts to get around the limits of the Hobbyist plan. This will be considered abuse. There are a couple of exceptions, though – read more in the FAQ
.
How does Healthchecks.io compare to Cronitor and Sentry?
We have prepared comparison tables: Healthchecks.io vs. Cronitor
and Healthchecks.io vs. Sentry
.
Trusted by Thousands of Developers and Teams
“I'm a happy long-time user of Healthchecks.io and keep coming back to it on new projects, because it's really easy to set up and offers reliable monitoring of all our cron jobs.”
“Healthchecks.io has been extremely reliable and useful for the many years we've been using it. The system is very easy to use and well designed - the UI is clear and works the way you'd expect. The API is really handy too.”
“Healthchecks.io is an absolute lifesaver. I'm using it to monitor an IoT gateway, and once, thanks to the quick heads-up from Healthchecks, was able to save the device from being fried after it had been accidentally placed on top of a hot router while cleaning!”
“Healthchecks.io is a great service. Simple, effective, highly reliable. It's caught issues on multiple occasions so it makes me look good which is always nice.”
Sounds good? Let's go!
Create Free Account
The maximum number of log entries Healthchecks.io will store for each monitored job. When the limit is reached, the oldest log entries start getting removed to make room for new ones.
The maximum number of SMS and WhatsApp notifications per month.
The limit is applied to the combined number of sent SMS and WhatsApp notifications.
The maximum number of phone call notifications per month.
The "Hobbyist" and "Supporter" plans have the same limits. The "Supporter" plan is offered in case "Hobbyist" fits your usage, but you wish to support Healthchecks.io financially.
×
Create Your Account
Enter your email address.
We will email you a magic log in link.
Email Me a Link
