Search
What is Pipedream?
Workspaces
Managing workspaces
Single-Sign On
Overview
Google Workspace
Okta
SAML
Domain Verification
Projects
Overview
Access Controls
Variables and Secrets
Connect
Overview
Use Cases
Managed Auth
Quickstart
Users
Connect Tokens
Connect Link
OAuth Clients
Environments
Webhooks
Project Configuration
Troubleshooting
Tool Use
Overview
Working with Files
Custom Tools
MCP
Overview
Developers
OpenAI
Consumers
API Proxy
Workflows
API & SDK Reference
Workflows
Overview
Quickstart
Building Workflows
Triggers
Actions
HTTP
Using Props
Write your own code
Overview
Node.js
Running Node.js in workflows
Use AI to generate code
Connect apps
HTTP requests
Files
Data stores
Delaying steps
Pause, resume, and rerun steps
Running asynchronous code
Sharing code across workflows
Browser automation
Python
Running Python in workflows
Connect apps
HTTP requests
Files
Data stores
Delaying steps
Pause, resume, and rerun steps
Different PyPI package name and import name
Go
Bash
Control Flow
Overview
Branching - If/Else
Branching - Switch
Branching - Parallel
Delay
Filter
End Workflow
Inspect events
Handling errors
Sharing workflows
Settings
Overview
Concurrency and Throttling
Data Management
Data Stores
File Stores
Overview
Reference
Destinations
Overview
Email
HTTP
Emit
SSE
S3
Databases
Connecting to Databases
Working with SQL
Event History
Environment Variables
GitHub Sync
Custom Domains
Virtual Private Clouds
Limits
Apps
Integrated Apps
Connected Accounts
OAuth Clients
App Partners
Components
Overview
Contributing
Overview
Component API
Quickstart — Actions
Quickstart — Sources
Guidelines
TypeScript components
CLI
CLI Reference
Install
Login
REST API
API Reference
Authentication
Example: Create a workflow
Example: Create an RSS source
Example: Webhooks
Pricing
Overview
FAQ
Account
User Settings
Billing Settings
Security
Privacy and Security
Security best-practices
HIPAA compliance
PGP key
Troubleshooting
Glossary of Terms
Light
Pricing Overview
Plans and Pricing
We believe anyone should be able to run simple, low-volume workflows at no cost. We also hope that you share your sources
workflows
actions
and other integration components so that other Pipedream users benefit from your work.
To support these goals, Pipedream offers a generous free tier
and you can request a free trial of our Advanced or Business plan
You can run sources and workflows for free within the limits of the free tier. If you hit these limits, you can upgrade to one of our paid tiers
.
Read more about our plans and pricing here
.
Free Tier
Free Tiers have access to all pre-built actions and triggers, and all of the workflow building capabilites as other paid tiers.
But Free account have a daily limit of free credits
that cannot be exceed. Standard Pipedream platform limits
apply to Free Accounts as well.
To lift the daily credit limit and increase the number of workflows and connected accounts upgrade to a paid tier
.
Free Tier Connected Accounts
Free Tier accounts can connect up to 3 different service accounts like Twitter, Discord, Google Sheets, or any of the thousands of available connections.
Free Tier Workflow Limitations
Free Tier accounts have a daily credit limit
and have limits on the number of active workflows. Upgrading to a paid tier
will increase the number of available active workflows and connected accounts.
Free Tier Polling Interval Limitations
Free Tier account triggers powered by polling are limited to the longest interval. Paid tiers have an option to polling at a substantially higher frequency.
Free Tier Support options
Users on the Free Tier have access to community support, on our forum
and Slack. Visit out Support page
for more information.
Paid Tiers
Visit our pricing page
to learn more about our paid plans.
All paid plans vary features based on tier, but each paid plan option will:
Remove the daily credits
limit
Increase the number of active workflows available
Increase the number of connected accounts
Definition of Terms
Pipedream uses a number of terms to describe platform metrics and details of our plans. See the definitions of key terms below.
Credits
Pipedream charges one credit per 30 seconds of compute time at 256MB megabytes of memory (the default) per workflow segment
Credits are also charged for dedicated workers
.
Unlike some other platforms, Pipedream does not charge for usage based on the number of steps. Credits are not charged for workflows during development or testing.
Adding additional memory capacity to workflows will increase credit usage in intervals of 256 megabytes. For example, doubling the memory of a workflow from 256MB to 512MB will double the cost of credits in the same execution time.
Scenarios
Developing a workflow with test events in the Pipedream workflow builder is free. No credit usage is incurred.
If an active workflow isn’t executed in a billing period no credit usage is incurred. Pipedream only charges credits for workflow executions.
Workflow segments configured to use 256MB memory (default)
Scenario
Credits Used
Simple linear workflow - 1 second of compute
1 credit
Simple linear workflow - 15 seconds of compute
1 credit
Simple linear workflow - 35 seconds of compute
2 credits
Linear workflow with a delay- 15 seconds before the delay- 15 seconds after execution resumes
2 credits
Workflow with a branch - 3 seconds before the branch- 15 seconds within the executed branch
2 credits
Workflow with a branch - 3 seconds before the branch, 15 seconds within the executed branch, 3 seconds after the branch in the parent flow
3 credits
Workflow segments configured to use 1GB memory
Scenario
Credits Used
Simple linear workflow - 1 second of compute
4 credit
Simple linear workflow - 15 seconds of compute
4 credit
Simple linear workflow - 35 seconds of compute
8 credits
Linear workflow with a delay- 15 seconds before the delay- 15 seconds after execution resumes
8 credits
Workflow with a branch - 3 seconds before the branch- 15 seconds within the executed branch
8 credits
Workflow with a branch - 3 seconds before the branch, 15 seconds within the executed branch, 3 seconds after the branch in the parent flow
24 credits
Source Credit Usage
When an event source
triggers a workflow, the source execution is included for free. This includes workspaces on the Free Tier
.
When a source is configured as a workflow trigger, the core value is in the workflow. You won’t be charged for two credits (one to run the source, one to run the workflow) when the workflow contains the core logic.
This free credit per execution only applies to sources from the Pipedream public registry
If you deploy a private custom source to your account, then all computation time including the inital 30 seconds for that private source counts toward credits.
A polling source finishing under 30 seconds per execution
For example, a source that polls an API for new events like Airtable - New Row Added
only takes ~5 seconds to poll and emit events to subscribing workflows.
This would result in 0 credits per run because the Airtable - New Row Added source is a publicly available component
.
A polling source finishing over 30 seconds per execution
Consider a source (like RSS - New Item in Feed for instance) that takes 60 seconds total to finish polling, per execution.
Each execution of this source would result in 0 credits because the RSS - New Item in Feed source is a publicly available component
.
A custom source that finished under 30 seconds per execution
This would result in 1 credit per execution because the initial free credit only applies to Pipedream Public Registry sources attached to at least one workflow.
Billing Period
Many of the usage statistics for paid users are tied to a billing period. Your billing period starts when you sign up for a paid plan, and recurs roughly once a month for the duration of your subscription.
For example, if you sign up on Jan 1st, your first billing period will last one month, ending around Feb 1st, at which point you’ll start a new billing period.
Your invoices are tied to your billing period. Read more about invoicing / billing here
.
Included Credits
When you sign up for a paid plan, you pay a platform fee at the start of each billing period
This minimum monthly charge grants you a base of included credits that you can use for the rest of your billing period (see your Billing and Usage Settings
for your exact quota). If you have been granted any additional credit increases by Pipedream, that is added to the included credits.
Additional Credits
Any credits you run over your included credit
are called additional credits. This usage is added to the invoice for your next billing period
according to the invoicing cycle described here
.
Data Store Keys
A Data Store key represents a single record in a Data Store.
In the example below, there are two records in the Data Store, and therefore there are two keys total.
Managing my plan
To cancel, upgrade or downgrade your plan, open the pricing page
.
To update your billing details, such as your VAT number, email address, etc. use the Manage Billing Information button in your workspace billing settings
to change your plan. Within this portal you can cancel, upgrade or downgrade your plan at any time.
Upgrading behavior
Upgrading your subscription instantly activates the features available to your workspace. For example, if you upgrade your workspace from Free to Basic, that workspace will be able to activate more workflows and connected accounts.
Downgrading behavior
Downgrades will apply at the end of your billing cycle, and any workflows that use features outside of the new billing plan will be automatically disabled.
For example, if your workspace downgrades from Advanced to Basic and a workflow uses an Advanced feature such as auto-retries
then this workflow will be disabled because the workspace plan no longer qualifies for that feature.
Additionally, resource limits such as the number of active workflows and connected accounts will also be enforced at this same time.
Cancellation behavior
To cancel your plan, open the pricing page
and click Cancel beneath your current plan.
Cancelling your subscription will apply at the end of your current billing period. Workflows, connected accounts and sources will be deactivated from newest to oldest until the Free limits have been reached.
Example: Webhooks
FAQ
