Pricing that scales with you
From independent developers to Fortune 500 companies, Knock scales for any organization. Start powering your notifications today for free.
Developer
For testing and evaluation, or small-scale deployments. $ 0 / mo
Up to 10k notifications / mo Upgrade for additional usage.
Features: Unlimited channels
Unlimited notification workflows
Unlimited team members
Batch and delay notifications
Built-in multi-tenancy
SSO via Google
Get started for free
Starter
For smaller teams looking to get started with cross-channel notifications. $ 250 / mo
Includes 50k notifications / mo $5 per 1,000 additional notifications.
Everything in Developer, plus... Remove Knock branding
Get started for free
Enterprise
For organizations with high volume, security, control, or support needs. Contact us
Flexible pricing for your business Volume-based discounts and monthly notified user pricing available.
Everything in Starter, plus... Per-customer branding and preferences
Translation (i18n) support
Send analytics data to Segment or your data warehouse
Send observability data to Datadog
Volume-based pricing
Enterprise SLAs
Shared Slack channel and priority support
SAML 2.0 SSO
HIPAA compliance / BAA
Contact sales
TRUSTED BY DEVELOPERS AT
Compare features
Developer $0/mo
Starter $250/mo
Enterprise Contact us
Platform
Notifications included A notification is a message sent to a single user on a single channel. All paid plans start with included volume and bill for additional usage.
Notification channels
Team members A team member is anyone with login access to your account.
Recipients A recipient is a user who receives notifications sent by Knock.
Power Knock with source events Trigger notifications with CDPs (such as Segment and Rudderstack) and reverse ETL platforms (such as Hightouch and Census).
Up to 10,000 Upgrade for additional usage.
Unlimited
50,000 $5 per 1,000 additional notifications.
Unlimited
Contact us Volume-based discounts and monthly notified user pricing available.
Unlimited
Workflows
Workflows A workflow encapsulates a single type of notification in your system, like a user invite.
Workflow triggers
Intelligent cross-channel routing
Batching Batch and digest notifications to reduce the frequency with which recipients receive your notifications.
Fetch from HTTP Fetch data via webhook and merge into your workflow state to power digesting.
Conditional sending Send notifications conditionally using read status, device awareness, and more.
Scheduled workflows Run and manage recurring notifications through the Knock dashboard or API.
Preferences Manage user preferences for your channels, notifications, and categories.
End-to-end testing
Non-user recipients Send notifications to non-users resources in your product. For example, a project with its own activity feed or with an integration to a Slack channel.
Manage via API & CLI
Translations (i18n)
Unlimited
In-app
Feeds per recipient Create as many in-app channels as you need. One for your notification feed, another for your inbox, a third for your in-app toasts.
Pre-built components
Bring your own components
Remove Knock branding
Feed retention The number of days a message stays in your users' feeds. No limit, but can be configured.
Feed API
Custom feed filtering Filter the Knock feed API using any of the metadata you pass to your workflows. Create tabs for priority messages, billing-related messages, and more.
Unlimited
Per-customer
Per-customer branding Enable your customers to white-label your notifications with logo and brand colors.
Per-customer preferences Enable your customer admins to set default and locked preferences for their users.
Logs & Analytics
Logs
Log retention
Engagement tracking Manage cross-channel open and link tracking from a single platform.
Stream observability data Stream notification system health metrics to Datadog.
Stream analytics to Segment Stream notification engagement data to Segment.
Stream analytics to data warehouse Stream notification engagement data to your data warehouse.
30-day retention
90-day retention
Security & Support
Version control & history
Isolated environments Create as many environments as you need to map to your development lifecycle.
Granular access controls
Audit logs
Google SSO
Custom SSO Integrate with Okta, Active Directory, or any other SAML or OpenID SSO provider.
Template migration services
Uptime SLA
Enterprise support
Dedicated infrastructure
Unlimited
99.9%
Unlimited
99.9%
Unlimited
Contact us
Frequently asked questions
What counts as a notification sent for usage billing purposes?
A notification sent is a single notification delivered to a single user on a single channel.
As an example, if you trigger a notification workflow that results in a user receiving an in-app message and an email, that counts as two notifications sent. If the same trigger resulted in zero notifications being sent (say because of a given user's notification preferences,) you wouldn't be charged.
We only charge for notifications sent, not notification workflows triggered within Knock.
What happens if I go over the free plan limit and don't have a billing method in place?
We don't hard cap your notifications. Our priority is making sure the service continues to work as you'd expect. If you go over your limit, we'll get in touch with you about making sure you have a billing method in place next month. 👍
Do you offer volume discounts?
We do! But only on our enterprise plan. You can get in touch with us if you're interested.
How will I be charged and billed for my use of Knock?
There are no setup fees to begin using Knock. At the end of the month, your credit card will automatically be charged for that month’s usage.
What is a channel?
In Knock a channel represents a single destination you send notifications to from our platform.
Here are a few examples of individual channels:
A SendGrid account you use to send your transactional emails
A Slack channel powering your customer-facing Slack bot
A Knock in-app channel used for a notification feed
A Knock in-app channel used for toast messages
When does billing of my Knock usage begin and end?
Your Knock billing cycle starts when you upgrade to a paid plan. The day of the month you upgrade will be your billing cycle anchor every month moving forward.
Here's an example: you upgrade to a paid plan on the 15th of the month. You'll immediately be invoiced for the platform fee of that plan. Your next invoice will be due on the 15th of the next month. If your billing cycle anchor starts on a day that doesn't exist in a given month (e.g. the 31st of September,) we'll use the last day of the month instead.
We bill usage overages in arrears, so any usage you incur in a month will show up on your next month's invoice.
If I use Knock, do I still pay for downstream messaging services such as Postmark and Twilio?
Yes. We do not currently manage billing for the downstream platform providers that deliver your notifications.
Does Knock sign BAAs for HIPAA-compliant customers?
Yes. Knock is HIPAA compliant. We will sign BAAs for Enterprise plan customers.
Build and ship delightful notifications in minutes
Batching, cross-channel delivery, and preference management - all on one platform. Send 10k notifications per month for free.
Get started for free →
