Pricing that scales with you
From independent developers to Fortune 500 companies, Knock scales for any organization. Start powering your notifications today for free.
Developer
For testing and evaluation, or small-scale deployments.
$ 0 / month
10K messages Includes messages sent from workflows and broadcasts.
500 guide active users A user that sees at least one guide in the month.
500 AI agent credits Credits consumed by AI agent function.
then $.01 per credit
Unlimited notification workflows
Unlimited broadcasts
Unlimited delivery channels
Unlimited team members
Batch and delay notifications
Built-in multi-tenancy
SSO via Google
Get started for free
Starter
For teams looking to start scaling cross-channel notifications.
$ 250 / month
50K messages Includes messages sent from workflows and broadcasts. Prepaid usage, then $.005 per message.
then $.005 per message
2.5K guide active users A user that sees at least one guide in the month. Prepaid usage, then $.05 per user.
then $.05 per user
2,000 AI agent credits Credits consumed by AI agent function.
then $.01 per credit
Everything in Developer, plus...
Remove Knock branding
Email client previews
Get started for free
Enterprise
For organizations with high volume, security, control, or support needs.
Contact us
Flexible volume-based pricing Discounts available for high-volume customers.
or
Monthly notified user pricing Pay based on the number of unique users notified each month.
available
Annual commit discounts Contact us for AI agent credits.
Everything in Starter, plus...
Custom roles and permissions
Per-customer branding and preferences
Translation (i18n) support
Send analytics data to any data warehouse
Send observability data to Datadog
Directory sync (SCIM)
Enterprise SLAs
Shared Slack channel and priority support
SAML 2.0 SSO
HIPAA compliance / BAA
Contact sales
Trusted by developers at
Case study
Features
Developer
$0/mo
Starter
$250/mo
Enterprise
Contact us
Platform
Messages included A message is a message successfully sent to a single user on a single channel. All paid plans start with included volume and bill for additional usage.
Up to 10,000 Upgrade for additional usage.
50,000 $.005 per additional message sent.
Contact us Volume-based discounts and monthly notified user pricing available.
Guide active users included A guide active user is a user that sees at least one guide in a month. All plans start with included volume and bill for additional usage.
Up to 500 Upgrade for additional usage.
2,500 $.05 per additional active user.
Contact us Volume-based discounts and monthly notified user pricing available.
AI agent credits included Credits consumed when your workflows call AI agent functions. Each plan includes set credits, with top-ups purchased as needed.
500 $.01 per additional credit.
2,000 $.01 per additional credit.
Contact us Volume and annual commit discounts available.
Notification channels
Unlimited
Team members A team member is anyone with login access to your account.
Unlimited
Recipients A recipient is a user who receives notifications sent by Knock.
Unlimited
Power Knock with source events Trigger notifications with CDPs (such as Segment and Rudderstack) and reverse ETL platforms (such as Hightouch and Census).
Workflows
Notification workflows A workflow encapsulates a single type of notification in your system, like a user invite.
Unlimited
Workflow triggers
Unlimited
Intelligent cross-channel routing
Batching Batch and digest notifications to reduce the frequency with which recipients receive your notifications.
Fetch from HTTP Fetch data via webhook and merge into your workflow state to power digesting.
Conditional sending Send notifications conditionally using read status, device awareness, and more.
Scheduled workflows Run and manage recurring notifications through the Knock dashboard or API.
Preferences Manage user preferences for your channels, notifications, and categories.
End-to-end testing
Email client previews Preview how your email templates render across popular email clients before you send.
Non-user recipients Send notifications to non-users resources in your product. For example, a project with its own activity feed or with an integration to a Slack channel.
Manage via API & CLI
Translations (i18n)
In-app feeds
Feeds per recipient Create as many in-app channels as you need. One for your notification feed, another for your inbox, a third for your in-app toasts.
Unlimited
Pre-built components
Bring your own components
Remove Knock branding
Feed retention The number of days a message stays in your users' feeds. No limit, but can be configured.
Unlimited
Feed API
Custom feed filtering F
In-app guides
Unlimited guides Create as many guides as you need.
Unlimited
Guide ordering Customize the order in which guides are displayed.
Guide throttling Throttle guides to reduce the frequency with which users see them.
Pre-built components
Bring your own components
Per-tenant
Per-tenant branding Enable your customers to white-label your notifications with logo and brand colors
Per-tenant preferences Enable your customer admins to set default and locked preferences for their users.
Logs & Analytics
Logs
Log retention
30-day retention
90-day retention
Engagement tracking Manage cross-channel open and link tracking from a single platform.
Stream observability data Stream notification system health metrics to Datadog.
Stream analytics to Segment Stream notification engagement data to Segment.
Stream analytics to data warehouse Stream notification engagement data to your data warehouse.
Security & Support
Version control & history
Isolated environments Create as many environments as you need to map to your development lifecycle.
Unlimited
Custom roles and permissions Define custom roles with account and environment-level permissions to control what each member can view and manage.
Audit logs
Google SSO
Custom SSO Integrate with Okta, Active Directory, or any other SAML or OpenID SSO provider.
Directory sync (SCIM) Integrate with identity management platforms like Okta.
Template migration services
Uptime SLA
99.9%
Contact us
Enterprise support
Dedicated infrastructure
Contact us
Frequently asked questions
What counts as a message sent for usage billing purposes?
A message sent is a single message delivered to a single user on a single channel.
As an example, if you trigger a notification workflow that results in a user receiving an in-app message and an email, that counts as two messages sent. If the same trigger resulted in zero messages being sent (say because of a given user's notification preferences,) you wouldn't be charged.
We only charge for messages sent, not notification workflows triggered within Knock. Messages that bounce or fail to send due to other errors are not included in your billable usage.
NOTE: messages generated by guide views do not count towards your message sent usage.
What happens if I go over the free plan limit and don't have a billing method in place?
We don't hard cap your notifications. Our priority is making sure the service continues to work as you'd expect. If you go over your limit, we'll get in touch with you about making sure you have a billing method in place next month. 👍
Do you offer volume discounts?
We do! But only on our enterprise plan. You can get in touch with us if you're interested.
How will I be charged and billed for my use of Knock?
There are no setup fees to begin using Knock. At the end of the month, your credit card will automatically be charged for that month's usage.
What is a channel?
In Knock a channel represents a single destination you send notifications to from our platform.
Here are a few examples of individual channels:
• A SendGrid account you use to send your transactional emails
• A Slack channel powering your customer-facing Slack bot
• A Knock in-app channel used for a notification feed
• A Knock in-app channel used for toast messages
When does billing of my Knock usage begin and end?
Your Knock billing cycle starts when you upgrade to a paid plan. The day of the month you upgrade will be your billing cycle anchor every month moving forward.
Here's an example: you upgrade to a paid plan on the 15th of the month. You'll immediately be invoiced for the platform fee of that plan. Your next invoice will be due on the 15th of the next month. If your billing cycle anchor starts on a day that doesn't exist in a given month (e.g. the 31st of September,) we'll use the last day of the month instead.
We bill usage overages in arrears, so any usage you incur in a month will show up on your next month's invoice.
If I use Knock, do I still pay for downstream messaging services such as Postmark and Twilio?
Yes. We do not currently manage billing for the downstream platform providers that deliver your notifications.
Does Knock sign BAAs for HIPAA-compliant customers?
Yes. Knock is HIPAA compliant. We will sign BAAs for Enterprise plan customers.
How does pricing work for Knock guides?
Knock guides uses an active user pricing model. An active user is a user that sees at least one guide in a month.
I'm already an Enterprise customer. Do I need to pay for guides separately?
If you don't already have Knock guides included in your enterprise agreement, you'll have the same guides limit as our Starter plan: 2,500 active users a month. When you exceed that limit, we'll ask you to get in touch to add guides to your enterprise agreement.
