Skip to content
Full stack visibility into app health and user experience
24/7 monitoring · SaaS and On-Premises · Deliver quality customer experiences · 14-day free trial
Monthly
Annually
Free
Select
Preferred
Enterprise
Free
Solo users and their passion projects
$
0
/mo.
try for free
Includes:
1 user
Error and performance monitoring
7.5K events + 1M spans monthly
50+ platforms
30+ third-party integrations
Select
Smaller teams starting to monitor their apps
Starting at
$
20
/mo.
Error Monitoring | Choose your events
An event is an unhandled exception (error or crash) or any handled exception that you choose to report
50k monthly events
150k monthly events
200k monthly events
300k monthly events
500k monthly events
1M monthly events
1.5M monthly events
3M monthly events
Performance Monitoring | Choose your spans
Purchase packs of spans to automatically capture and analyze performance metrics in your application. Metrics include App Start, Screen Loads, Web Vitals, and more.
1M Monthly Spans
7.5M Monthly Spans
15M Monthly Spans
30M Monthly Spans
75M Monthly Spans
150M Monthly Spans
try for free
Free plan features, plus:
Unlimited users
End-to-end diagnostics
Basic notifications
Preferred
Larger teams that need deeper insights
Starting at
$
33
/mo.
Error Monitoring | Choose your events
An event is an unhandled exception (error or crash) or any handled exception that you choose to report
100k monthly events
150k monthly events
300k monthly events
500k monthly events
1M monthly events
1.5M monthly events
3M monthly events
Performance Monitoring | Choose your spans
Purchase packs of spans to automatically capture and analyze performance metrics in your application. Metrics include App Start, Screen Loads, Web Vitals, and more.
1M Monthly Spans
7.5M Monthly Spans
15M Monthly Spans
30M Monthly Spans
75M Monthly Spans
150M Monthly Spans
300M Monthly Spans
try for free
Select plan features, plus:
Automatic error prioritization
Stability benchmarks
Advanced segmentation
Custom notifications
SAML single sign-on
Enterprise
Custom plans for enterprises that need to scale
Contact Us
Contact us
Preferred plan features, plus:
Automatic error assignment
Premium support
Dedicated Customer Success Manager
Automatic user provisioning via SSO
Feature flags & experiments
Compare Plans
|
View FAQ
Plan comparison
SELECT
try for free
PREFERRED
try for free
ENTERPRISE
Contact us
Error Monitoring and Diagnostics
Monitor an unlimited number of apps in one dashboard
Create an unlimited number of projects in Bugsnag.
Full-stack error monitoring for mobile, web, desktop, and server applications
Bugsnag supports 50+ platforms across mobile, web, desktop, and server apps.
Automatically captured unhandled and handled errors
Unhandled exceptions (errors/crashes) are automatically captured and you can also choose to report any handled exceptions.
End-to-end error diagnostics
Reproduce and fix errors quickly with automatically captured diagnostic data, including stack traces, threads, breadcrumbs, device and user info.
Error inbox with search and filtering (grouping)
View errors grouped by root cause and sorted by user impact.
Error tracking across deployment stages
See if an error was promoted from beta to production.
Symbolicated stack traces
Upload mapping files like source maps, dSYMs, and ProGuard mappings to deobfuscate stack traces.
User interaction breadcrumbs
Retrace all user interactions that occurred leading up to a crash.
Additional error context with custom diagnostic data
Capture additional data at runtime, such as customer ID and subscription level, to help with prioritization and debugging of errors.
Advanced search and segmentation with custom filters
Segment and pivot errors based on the custom diagnostic data you’ve added to error reports.
5 custom filters/project
More
Key customer experience segmentation and prioritization
Attach meta-data such as revenue, SLA, and subscription tier to segment errors affecting key customers.
Features Dashboard with actionable insights into features flags and experiments
Monitor errors happening in feature flags or experiments such as A/B tests to manage feature and experiment implementation.
Error burst protection and event scaling
Custom plans help protect against unexpected or seasonal spikes in errors.
Automatic Error Assignment
Automatically triage each error to the correct team or individual based on rules that you define to align your teams. You’ll know with confidence that no error is left unassigned.
Application Stability Management
Interactive timeline analysis with release annotations
Understand error trends, pinpoint error spikes, investigate specific incidents, or determine if a release introduces new bugs.
Stability Center with stability insights and trend analysis for each application
Gain executive insights at a glance with the 30-day stability score and trend analysis for each application.
Release stability monitoring and analytics
See errors that were introduced in each release and compare release health to understand whether to promote releases or pull back.
Stability targets and real time stability scores
Set targets for critical stability and target stability and use real-time stability scores to determine whether to build features or fix bugs.
Release adoption tracking
Understand how rapidly new app versions are being adopted.
Daily dashboard with deep project-level analytics and insights for development teams.
Project Overview Dashboard with app stability analytics and error views
Project Overview Dashboard with custom error views and insights
Customize error views in the Project Overview Dashboard based on saved error segments that are important to you.
Performance Monitoring
Number of Spans
Purchase packs of spans to automatically capture and analyze performance metrics in your application. Metrics include App Start, Screen Loads, Web Vitals, and more.
6 tiers: 1M - 150M
7 tiers: 1M - 150M
Packs of 150M spans
Advanced Filtering (Search Builder)
Search and segment real user performance data by release stage, device model, OS version and more for enhanced granularity.
Distributed tracing
Quickly pinpoint and troubleshoot performance bottlenecks and errors with end-to-end tracing visibility.
Network Configurations (Endpoint Groupings)
View the performance of individual endpoints. Group network requests together to aggregate data and improve analysis.
Performance comparisons
Quickly compare multiple segments of performance data across multiple metrics.
Performance targets
Set custom benchmarks to measure and maintain the performance of your applications.
Saved filtersets
Save your go-to filters on the performance dashboard to access the segments that matter most.
Email Notifications
Receive notifications on a weekly or daily basis that summarize your application's most important performance metrics.
Weekly
Daily
Alerting and Workflow Engine
Alert filtering
Filter error alerts to make them relevant and actionable, while minimizing noise. Enterprise plans have access to more custom filters, which they can use for advanced filtering of alerts.
Basic
Advanced
Team chat alerts
Be alerted of errors in Slack, Microsoft Teams, Gitter, and more.
Email reports
Configure daily and weekly email reports.
Regression alerts
Be alerted when previously fixed errors are resurfacing.
Automatic spike detection
Be alerted when the project error rate increases significantly, which may highlight a critical issue in the application.
Team alignment with bookmarks
Save searches easily with bookmarks, and share them with the team to keep them aligned on which errors to focus on.
Team workflows and collaboration
View at a glance what is assigned to each team member and @ mention other members for seamless collaboration.
Noise control
Snooze errors until they occur more frequently or ignore errors if needed.
On-call alerts
Be alerted in your on-call solution like PagerDuty, OpsGenie, and more.
Source control integrations
Integrations with GitHub, GitLab, and more allow you to view the code that was used to build a version and the changes from the previous version.
Two-way issue tracker sync
Two-way integration with every major issue tracking and project management tool including Jira, Pivotal, and more.
Code ownership for multi-team apps
Automatically create and link issues to your team’s issue tracker project for errors occurring in your team’s codebase.
Security and Compliance
Two-factor authentication
User roles and permissions
Configure the role of each collaborator in your account to give them the appropriate permissions to access projects and actions.
2 roles
3 roles
SAML single sign-on
One-click sign-in via Okta, OneLogin, and more.
Automatic user provisioning via SSO
Securely manage provisioning and deprovisioning of users via your SSO provider and automatically sync all user attribute changes to Bugsnag.
User audit logs
Stay abreast of key actions taken by collaborators in Bugsnag and ensure the security of your data.
PCI and PHI compliance via On-Premises
Stay compliant with your required certifications via Bugsnag On-Premises.
Deployment and Data Access
On-Premises
Meet enterprise privacy, security, and compliance requirements by hosting Bugsnag on your infrastructure or cloud instance.
BI integrations with Splunk and Amazon SQS
Data-forwarding integrations with Splunk Cloud & On-Premises and Amazon SQS.
Data retention
How long Bugsnag stores your event data for.
60 days*
60 days
Custom
Data export API
Access information about your organization, projects, errors, and more to build custom integrations with data visualization systems.
Low volume
High volume
Support and Services
Support
All plans have access to a variety of online resources in addition to assistance from our Support Team. Learn more about BugSnag support plans.
Priority support
Fast and unlimited support from our team of talented engineers.
Named Customer Success Manager (CSM)
Guided onboarding and implementation
Stability management best practices training
*Our Free tier includes 7 days of data retention
Over 6,000 of the world's best engineering teams use the BugSnag platform to monitor app performance and build better software
See our customers
Do you have a question? We’re here to help.
Read our frequently asked questions and contact us
if you have any other questions.
What is a span?
A span is a measurement of the time taken to perform a particular operation. It has a start and end time. Every operation that BugSnag Performance Monitoring measures results in a span being sent to BugSnag servers. This includes high level user operations, such as an app start or a web page load, as well as the more detailed sub-operations such as making a network request or loading a fragment of a view.
How many spans do I need?
We recommend you evaluate your trial experience within BugSnag and closely monitor how many spans were sent during your trial and the percentage of your production environment that equated to. We then suggest you determine if you received an adequate level of insight into app performance for your users. Other factors that may influence your decision are how many apps you are deploying and if you are looking to monitor select areas of your application vs your entire application.
How does span sampling in BugSnag work?
BugSnag Performance Monitoring uses dynamic sampling to ensure your users’ apps send only enough spans to meet your span quota. We take your monthly span limit and automatically set a daily sample rate that distributes the quota across the entire month, so you maintain a consistent daily volume. Our predictable pricing is designed for you to only pay for what you need and make sure you get everything you pay for – eliminating surprise costs because of unpredictable spikes and ensuring you always
What is an event?
An event is either an unhandled exception (often called an error or crash) that has been detected by BugSnag or any handled exceptions that you choose to report.
Minidump events (native crashes reported by Electron apps, or apps integrating Breakpad or Crashpad) each count as 5 events for billing purposes. This is due to the additional costs associated with receiving and processing minidump events.
What are unhandled vs. handled exceptions?
An unhandled exception usually means the application crashed or an operation failed unexpectedly. BugSnag automatically captures all unhandled exceptions and corresponding diagnostic information.
A handled exception is an anticipated error. It can be reported to BugSnag with any relevant diagnostic information.
What is a seat?
A seat is shorthand for a collaborator — anyone who logs in to BugSnag.
How does the 14-day free trial work?
Unrestricted access to all Preferred features free for 14 days. No credit card required. At the end of your trial, select a plan to continue using BugSnag.
What happens if I upgrade during my free trial?
You can select a plan at any time during your 14-day free trial. We won't charge you until the end of your trial.
Will US sales tax be collected?
To comply with state and local tax laws, BugSnag will collect sales tax starting November 15th 2021 on subscriptions for organizations in applicable US states. Sales tax is calculated based on your billing address.
What happens if I go over my event quota?
We break your monthly event count into daily increments. When you exceed your daily quota, we'll continue to save every event you send us at no additional cost. If you exceed your daily event quota more than 3 times in any 30-day rolling period, we'll automatically upgrade
you to the next plan to ensure coverage. If you disable automatic upgrades, we'll rate-limit
your events to stay within your quota.
Can I pay yearly?
Yes. When you pay for BugSnag annually, you'll receive a discount from the monthly cost. This option is available when you select a plan in your BugSnag settings.
What forms of payment do you accept?
We accept all major credit and debit cards: Visa, Mastercard, American Express, JCB, Discover, and Diners Club. Payments are powered by Stripe.
Do I have to sign a long-term contract?
No. You can pay monthly or annually.
Can I cancel at any time?
Yes. After you cancel your account, you won't be charged again.
Is BugSnag free for open source applications?
Yes! Our open source page
has further details and instructions on how to apply for a free license.
Try BugSnag’s features for free for 14 days. No credit card required.
try for free
Experience BugSnag with a custom walkthrough for your enterprise app.
Request A Demo
