Support
Login
Features
Error Monitoring
Performance Monitoring
Distributed Tracing
Enterprise
Resources
Pricing
Get a Demo
Try Free
Login
Additional SmartBear Tools
AlertSite
LoadNinja
API Hub
QAComplete
BitBar
SwaggerHub
BugSnag
VisualTest
CucumberStudio
Additional Links
SmartBear Community
Case Management
License System
Flexible Pricing for Every Team
Transparent scalable pricing with plans designed to deliver powerful insights to match your team’s unique needs for superior app health
Billed Monthly
Billed Yearly
Free
Solo users and their passion projects
$0 /month
Try Free
Select
Smaller teams starting to monitor their apps
STARTING AT
$ 0 /month
Error Monitoring | Choose your events An event is an unhandled exception (error or crash) or any handled exception that you choose to report
50k monthly events
150k monthly events
200k monthly events
300k monthly events
500k monthly events
1M monthly events
1.5M monthly events
3M monthly events
Performance Monitoring | Choose your spans Purchase packs of spans to automatically capture and analyze performance metrics in your application. Metrics include App Start, Screen Loads, Web Vitals, and more.
1M monthly spans
7.5M monthly spans
15M monthly spans
30M monthly spans
75M monthly spans
150M monthly spans
Try Free
MOST POPULAR Preferred
Larger teams that need deeper insights
STARTING AT
$ 0 /month
Error Monitoring | Choose your events An event is an unhandled exception (error or crash) or any handled exception that you choose to report
100k monthly events
150k monthly events
300k monthly events
500k monthly events
1M monthly events
1.5M monthly events
3M monthly events
Performance Monitoring | Choose your spans Purchase packs of spans to automatically capture and analyze performance metrics in your application. Metrics include App Start, Screen Loads, Web Vitals, and more.
1M monthly spans
7.5M monthly spans
15M monthly spans
30M monthly spans
75M monthly spans
150M monthly spans
300M monthly spans
Try Free
Enterprise
Custom plans for enterprises that need to scale
Contact Us
Includes:
1 user
Error and performance monitoring
7.5K events and 1M spans per month
50+ platforms
30+ third-party integrations
Free plan features, plus:
Unlimited users
End-to-end diagnostics
Basic notifications
Select plan features, plus:
Automatic error prioritization
Stability benchmarks
Advanced segmentation
Custom notifications
SAML single sign-on
System Metrics (CPU, Memory, Rendering)
Preferred plan features, plus:
Automatic error assignment
Premium support
Dedicated Customer Success Manager
Automatic user provisioning via SSO
Feature flags & experiments
On premises or SaaS deployment
Sensitive data management
Try BugSnag in AWS Marketplace using your AWS account. You can sign up and start immediately without any detours or switching platforms. With just a few clicks, you can launch pre-configured software, and AWS streamlines billing by adding charges to your existing AWS bill.
Get started
Compare all features
Select
Try Free
Preferred
Try Free
Enterprise
Contact Us
Error Monitoring and Diagnostics
Monitor an unlimited number of apps in one dashboard Create an unlimited number of projects in BugSnag.
Full-stack error monitoring for mobile, web, desktop, and server applications BugSnag supports 50+ platforms across mobile, web, desktop, and server apps.
Automatically captured unhandled and handled errors Unhandled exceptions (errors/crashes) are automatically captured and you can also choose to report any handled exceptions.
End-to-end error diagnostics Reproduce and fix errors quickly with automatically captured diagnostic data, including stack traces, threads, breadcrumbs, device and user info.
Error inbox with search and filtering (grouping) View errors grouped by root cause and sorted by user impact.
Error tracking across deployment stages See if an error was promoted from beta to production.
Symbolicated stack traces Upload mapping files like source maps, dSYMs, and ProGuard mappings to deobfuscate stack traces.
User interaction breadcrumbs Retrace all user interactions that occurred leading up to a crash.
Additional error context with custom diagnostic data Capture additional data at runtime, such as customer ID and subscription level, to help with prioritization and debugging of errors.
Advanced search and segmentation with custom filters Segment and pivot errors based on the custom diagnostic data you’ve added to error reports.
5 custom
filters/project
More
Key customer experience segmentation and prioritization Attach meta-data such as revenue, SLA, and subscription tier to segment errors affecting key customers.
Features Dashboard with actionable insights into features flags and experiments Monitor errors happening in feature flags or experiments such as A/B tests to manage feature and experiment implementation.
Error burst protection and event scaling Custom plans help protect against unexpected or seasonal spikes in errors.
Automatic Error Assignment Automatically triage each error to the correct team or individual based on rules that you define to align your teams. You’ll know with confidence that no error is left unassigned.
Application Stability Management
Interactive timeline analysis with release annotations Understand error trends, pinpoint error spikes, investigate specific incidents, or determine if a release introduces new bugs.
Stability Center with stability insights and trend analysis for each application Gain executive insights at a glance with the 30-day stability score and trend analysis for each application.
Release stability monitoring and analytics See errors that were introduced in each release and compare release health to understand whether to promote releases or pull back.
Stability targets and real time stability scores Set targets for critical stability and target stability and use real-time stability scores to determine whether to build features or fix bugs.
Release adoption tracking Understand how rapidly new app versions are being adopted.
Daily dashboard with deep project-level analytics and insights for development teams.s Project Overview Dashboard with app stability analytics and error views
Project Overview Dashboard with custom error views and insights Customize error views in the Project Overview Dashboard based on saved error segments that are important to you.
Performance Monitoring
Number of Spans Purchase packs of spans to automatically capture and analyze performance metrics in your application. Metrics include App Start, Screen Loads, Web Vitals, and more.
6 tiers: 1M - 150M
7 tiers: 1M - 150M
Packs of 150M spans
Advanced Filtering (Search Builder) *with paid performance plans starting at 7.5M spans
Search and segment real user performance data by release stage, device model, OS version and more for enhanced granularity.
Distributed tracing Quickly pinpoint and troubleshoot performance bottlenecks and errors with end-to-end tracing visibility.
Network Configurations (Endpoint Groupings) *with paid performance plans starting at 7.5M spans
View the performance of individual endpoints. Group network requests together to aggregate data and improve analysis.
Performance comparisons Quickly compare multiple segments of performance data across multiple metrics.
Performance notifications & alerting
Performance targets Set custom benchmarks to measure and maintain the performance of your applications.
System Metrics (CPU, Memory, Rendering) Identify parts of your application that are the most demanding in terms of rendering, CPU, and memory usage.
Saved filtersets Save your go-to filters on the performance dashboard to access the segments that matter most.
Email Notifications Receive notifications on a weekly or daily basis that summarize your application's most important performance metrics.
Weekly
Daily
Alerting and Workflow Engine
Alert filtering Filter error alerts to make them relevant and actionable, while minimizing noise. Enterprise plans have access to more custom filters, which they can use for advanced filtering of alerts.
Basic
Advanced
Team chat alerts Be alerted of errors in Slack, Microsoft Teams, Gitter, and more.
Email reports Configure daily and weekly email reports.
Regression alerts Be alerted when previously fixed errors are resurfacing.
Automatic spike detection Be alerted when the project error rate increases significantly, which may highlight a critical issue in the application.
Team alignment with bookmarks Save searches easily with bookmarks, and share them with the team to keep them aligned on which errors to focus on.
Team workflows and collaboration View at a glance what is assigned to each team member and @ mention other members for seamless collaboration.
Noise control Snooze errors until they occur more frequently or ignore errors if needed.
On-call alerts Be alerted in your on-call solution like PagerDuty, OpsGenie, and more.
Source control integrations Integrations with GitHub, GitLab, and more allow you to view the code that was used to build a version and the changes from the previous version.
Two-way issue tracker sync Two-way integration with every major issue tracking and project management tool including Jira, Pivotal, and more.
Code ownership for multi-team apps Automatically create and link issues to your team’s issue tracker project for errors occurring in your team’s codebase.
Security and Compliance
Two-factor authentication
User roles and permissions Configure the role of each collaborator in your account to give them the appropriate permissions to access projects and actions.
2 roles
3 roles
SAML single sign-on One-click sign-in via Okta, OneLogin, and more.
Sensitive data management Detect and redact personally identifiable information (PII) post-ingestion, preventing it from being stored.
Automatic user provisioning via SSO Securely manage provisioning and deprovisioning of users via your SSO provider and automatically sync all user attribute changes to BugSnag.
User audit logs Stay abreast of key actions taken by collaborators in BugSnag and ensure the security of your data.
PCI and PHI compliance via On-Premises Stay compliant with your required certifications via BugSnag On-Premises.
Deployment and Data Access
On-Premises Meet enterprise privacy, security, and compliance requirements by hosting BugSnag on your infrastructure or cloud instance.
BI integrations with Splunk and Amazon SQS Data-forwarding integrations with Splunk Cloud & On-Premises and Amazon SQS.
Data retention How long BugSnag stores your event data for.
60 days*
60 days
Custom
Data export API Access information about your organization, projects, errors, and more to build custom integrations with data visualization systems.
Low volume
High volume
Support and Services
Support
All plans have access to a variety of online resources in addition to assistance from our Support Team. Learn more about BugSnag support plans.
Priority support Fast and unlimited support from our team of talented engineers.
Named Customer Success Manager (CSM)
Guided onboarding and implementation
Stability management best practices training
*Our Free tier includes 7 days of data retention
Do you have a question? We’re here to help.
Read our frequently asked questions and contact us
if you have any other questions.
What is a span?
How many spans do I need?
How does span sampling in BugSnag work?
What is an event?
What are unhandled vs. handled exceptions?
How does the 14-day free trial work?
What happens if I upgrade during my free trial?
Will US sales tax be collected?
What happens if I go over my event quota?
Can I pay yearly?
What forms of payment do you accept?
Do I have to sign a long-term contract?
Can I cancel at any time?
Is BugSnag free for open source applications?
Ready to elevate your app?
Try BugSnag for free to monitor, prioritize, and resolve app errors and performance bottlenecks.
Try for Free
Request a demo
