Build
Start for free - no card details needed
Free
Get started
Up to 10k search requests / month
1m records included
AI features to test
Grow
Scale search flexibly in line with your needs
Free/pay-as-you-go
Get started
Free up to 10k search requests / month
$0.50 per additional 1k search requests
Free up to 100k records
$0.40 per additional 1k records/month
Premium
Enhance your search experience with AI features
Annual plan
Request pricing
AI features and Keyword search
Merchandising Studio for business users
Volume discounts
Elevate
Grow further, get full AI offering
Annual plan
Request pricing
Everything on 'Premium' and...
Full AI offering including NeuralSearch
Volume discounts
Detailed feature comparison
Build
Free
Get started
Grow
Free/pay-as-you-go
Get started
Premium
Annual plan
Request pricing
Elevate
Annual plan
Request pricing
AI Search
NeuralSearch
Keyword only
Keyword + Semantic
Dynamic Re-Ranking
Query Categorization
Personalization
AI Synonyms
Manual Synonyms
1,000/index
10,000/index
See more
Available with all plans: AI Recommendations
Starting from $0.60/1,000 requests/mo. Our AI Recommendations API will enable you to refine your users’ needs, maximize the order average value, contextualize and merchandise your recommendations, and much more.
Get started
AI Recommendations API
Pre-built libraries
Trending items
Trending facets
Related products
Frequently bought together
Looking Similar
Events Analytics (Insights API)
90 days Analytics retention
Recommendations Merchandising
Personalized recommendations
NEW: Crawler
A fast, low-code and east way to crawl your data and index in Algolia. Simplify the data ingestion process and eliminate the need to build and maintain indexing pipeline.
Get started
10k free crawls per month
Crawl HTML & non-HTML sources
Crawl password protected pages
Automate and schedule crawls
Troubleshoot and monitor crawls
Low-code solution
Advanced config options via code editor
Equipped with helper functions
Available with Premium & Elevate plans: Professional Services
Algolia offers professional services for Premium & Elevate plans.
Request pricing
Algolia Blueprint
Algolia Kickstart
Algolia Guided Onboarding
Algolia Quick Start for Shopify
Algolia Quick Start for Crawler
Algolia Quick Start for Sending Events
Algolia Pulse
Algolia Advisory 25
Algolia Platform Accelerator
Add-ons to your Algolia subscription
Additional paid features available with annual commit.
Distributed Search Network
Easily distribute your search engine on up to 17 regions worldwide
Dedicated infrastructure & vault
Protect your data with customizable IP restrictions and encryption at rest
HIPAA
Environment ready for your projects in the healthcare and wellness sector
Extended Analytics Retention
365 days of search analytics history
Premier Platform Availability SLA
Highest level 99.999% uptime guarantee
Extended Support
Targeted response times for support requests
Request pricing
Algolia pricing FAQs
What is a search request?
A search request is a group of one or more search operations sent in a single exchange. Search operations are triggered when a search is performed. In autocomplete and search-as-you-type implementations, a new search request is performed on every keystroke.
In past Algolia plans, a single search would be counted per active search index. So Algolia would count a single search applied to 3 active indexes as 3 search “operations”. With the current pricing, in this example Algolia would count this as one search “request”. This greatly simplifies our pricing model for customers using federated search and for customers with multiple sorts (e.g. newest products, lowest cost, highest cost, etc.).
What is a record? How do you count records?
Simply put, a record is an item or object that contains data that someone would search (or get recommendations) for. The total number of records is equal to the sum of records that you have in all of your indices. Note that each pre-sort of your records creates a copy of the relevant pre-sorted records and as a result, increases your total record count.
Each Search plan allows you to store a certain number of records at any given time. You can update, delete, or add as many records as you want as long as the total number of the indexed records does not exceed the inclusion of the plan. If you go over the inclusion, you’ll be charged an over-quota based on the maximum number of records you’ve reached. Depending on your plan, there may be an opportunity to pre-purchase additional records at the beginning of your contract period at a discounted pr
Note: To offer flexibility, Algolia ignores the 3 days with the most records in each month before calculating the total number of records.
Is there a free plan?
Yes! Algolia Build offers 1 Million Records for free, and 10,000 Requests every month for both our Search and Recommend products. It's your playground to try all things Algolia while you ‘re developing, and there’s no credit card required to get started. When you’re ready to share your project with the world, Algolia Grow also includes a generous monthly free tier worth up to $50 every month.
Who is the Algolia Build plan intended for?
The Algolia Build plan is your Search & Discovery playground to try Algolia’s full product offering. When you’re ready to move to production and share your project with the world, you’ll need to upgrade to Algolia Grow, which includes a generous monthly free tier to host hobby and commercial projects alike in production.
Why does the Algolia Build plan include more free records than Grow?
At Algolia, we believe in charging only for data in motion; data which is being searched and accessed by your end users. When you’re ready to release, upgrade to Algolia’s Grow plan to share your project with the world.
To help you develop, test and experiment with your full data set risk-free, the Algolia Build plan permits up to 1 Million records when you’re in development, with API rate limiting and a limited number of Search Requests per month.
Who is the Algolia Grow plan intended for?
The Algolia Grow plan is intended for projects in production, and data which is being used by end users. Within Algolia Grow, you’ll have access to Algolia’s core Search & Discovery features to release a best-in-class experience, with room to grow. Usage above your free tier is billed in arrears at the end of each month and according to consumption. There is no upfront commitment, and you cancel anytime.
What is the free tier of Algolia Grow?
The Algolia Grow plan includes $51 worth of free usage every month. You’ll only be billed for usage which exceeds each product’s free tier, and only if you choose to use them:
10,000 Search Requests (equivalent to $5 per month)
10,000 Recommend Requests (equivalent to $6 per month)
100,000 Records (equivalent to $40 per month)
What is the difference between Grow & Premium?
Premium includes AI features, expanded global hosting options, Merchandising Studio and access to professional services and add-ons. Contact our team to learn more about which plan is right for you.
What is the difference between Premium and Elevate?
Elevate includes Algolia NeuralSearch. It's the only search engine in the world that processes both vector and keyword results in parallel and at scale in a single API using the same index.
Do you offer volume discounts?
Yes. The Premium and Elevate plans include volume discounts. Contact us for a quote.
Does Algolia require an annual contract?
Grow is a pay-as-you-go plan, billed monthly with no contract required. Premium and Elevate require an annual contract, contact us to learn more.
Does Algolia offer special pricing for start-ups?
Learn more about the Algolia Startup program
and our free offer for open source and non-profit projects
.
