English
Deutsch
français
English
German
French
Brazilian Portuguese
Spanish
Italian
✨ AI mode
Filter by source
✨ How will Algolia improve our search experience and conversions?
✨ How do I integrate Algolia search into my app?
✨ Can Algolia help shoppers find products faster and increase sales?
✨ Will Algolia scale with our traffic and data size?
Suggestions
Products & Resources
✨ Algolia Assist
New chat
Back to results
AI powered by Algolia
Clear All Filters
Brand guidelines
Download logo pack
Scalable pricing for smarter search
Powering the world’s best AI experiences – start for free, grow seamlessly and upgrade anytime
Help me choose a plan
Answer 3 quick questions to see which plan fits best.
×
Pricing plan finder
Find the right plan for your team
Tell us a bit about your use case and we’ll recommend the best starting point.
What best describes your primary use case? *
Choose the option that is closest to what you need today.
Core search experience You need strong search basics and a fast way to get started
Search with AI features You want more advanced relevance and AI-assisted experiences
Enterprise-scale requirements You need higher scale, governance, and advanced support
How much traffic or usage are you expecting? *
Estimate based on current or near-term demand.
Low Smaller-scale usage or early rollout
Medium Growing usage across products or teams.
High Large-scale or business-critical usage.
Do you need enterprise support and advanced controls now? *
This includes higher-touch support, governance, and more advanced commercial needs.
No Not right now.
Later Potentially in the future as we scale.
Yes We need that now.
Submit my responses
Recommended plan
Your best fit
Based on your answers, this is the best fit for your team.
Take the quiz again
Annual plan
Elevate
Enterprise-scale AI Search
Start Evaluation
Volume-based discounts
Custom search requests and records
Everything in Grow+, Plus: NeuralSearch
AI Collections
Smart Groups
Real-time personalization
99.99% availability
Access to SSO and enhanced SLA
Access to enterprise-level Support plans
Professional services available
Free to start, then pay as you go
Grow Plus
NEW
Keyword search with AI capabilities
Start for free
10K search requests /month included then $1.75 per additional 1K search requests
100K records included then $0.40 per additional 1K records
EVERYTHING IN GROW, PLUS: Rules: 10,000/index
AI Synonyms
AI Ranking
Advanced Personalization
Query Categorization
Collections
90 days analytics retention
Grow
Keyword search
Start for free
10K search requests /month included then $0.50 per additional 1K search requests
100K records included then $0.40 per additional 1K records
INCLUDES Keyword Search + Browse
Query suggestions
Rules: 10/index
Manual synonyms
Data transformation
30 days analytics retention
Third party integrations + connectors
US, UK, EU hosting locations
Build
Free to test out all features
Build for free
Get started building your best search experiences ever with access to our full suite of features to try for free.
INCLUDES: 10K search requests/month
1M records included
10K AI Recommendation requests/month
10K crawls/month
1 Generative Experience Guide included
Personalization
AI Dynamic Re-ranking
AI Synonyms
See full features grid
Detailed feature comparison
Grow
Grow Plus
Elevate
Grow
Get Started
Grow Plus
Get Started
Elevate
Request Pricing
Search
Recommendations
Generative Experiences
AI Ranking
Merchandising
Browse
Personalization
Analytics
UI Components
Integrations & Data
Crawler
Infrastructure & Plan Limits
Support & Success
FEATURE:
Grow
Get Started
Grow Plus
Get Started
Elevate
Request Pricing
Keyword Search
NeuralSearch Combines the world’s fastest semantic search with keyword search. Learn more
.
Query Suggestions Harness your analytics data to create dynamic suggestions for search. Learn more
.
A/B Testing Tune and test your search, measure and improve outcomes. Launch new experiments in minutes. Learn more
.
Natural Language Processing (NLP) Set of tools to provide default support for all languages, and advanced support for more than 70 languages. Learn more
.
Rules Enhance your default ranking to better match intent using redirect or injecting custom parameters. Learn more
.
10 per index
10,000 per index
Visual Editor Use the visual editor to configure rules. Learn more
.
Manual Synonyms Learn more
about synonyms.
AI Synonyms Learn more
about dynamic synonym suggestions.
Query Categorization Query categorization uses AI to predict which categories your query belongs to and improve results. Learn more
.
Virtual Replicas (Relevant Sort) Learn about
virtual replicas.
Our Recommend API will enable you to refine your users’ needs, maximize the order average value, contextualize and merchandise your recommendations, and much more.
10,000 requests/mo included then $0.60 per additional 1K requests
Try for free.
Volume discounts available.
All recommendations types Trending items, trending facets, related products, frequently bought together, looking similar, and other recommendations types
Recommendations API Prebuilt libraries and APIs. Learn more
Analytics Events analytics (Insights API) with 90-day retention
Merchandising Include recommended results in merchandising and promotions. Learn more about Merchandising Studio
.
Agent Studio Learn more about Agent Studio
.
Create Guides Learn more about Guides
.
Dynamic Re-ranking Learn from users actions to boost the most performing results for each query. Learn more.
Advanced Dynamic Re-ranking Increase the reach of Dynamic Re-Ranking. Learn more
.
Dynamic Re-ranking for Revenue Choose revenue as a goal when reranking the most popular results Learn more.
Multi-Signal Ranking Optimize the order of search results based on multiple data signals. Learn more.
Merchandising Studio An interface optimized for e-commerce business teams. Maximize conversion rates through a strategic combination of AI and manual controls. Learn more
.
Collections Create seasonal or thematic collections pages instantly, no coding required. Learn more
.
AI Collections Combine the power of Collections with NeuralSearch.
Smart Groups Define and place groups of items that match certain criteria at specific positions in your results. Learn more
.
Dynamic Facets Automatically order your facets to remove friction when searching and browsing. Learn more
.
Browse turns category and product listing pages into high-converting assets for your site. Apply personalization, recommendations, rules, and ranking to your category pages.
Dynamic category pages
Pre-built UI Libraries Users expect the same experience, whether they explore products on the search results page or browse products from a category page.
Classic Personalization Personalize search & browse results based off your users' actions. Learn more
.
Advanced Personalization AI-enhanced personalization. Learn more
.
Real-time personalization Deliver dynamic, data-driven experiences that adapt in near real time — across every touchpoint and for every user. Learn more
.
Analytics Retention Length
30 days
90 days
Search Analytics Understand recent search patterns. Learn more about Analytics
.
Event Analytics Includes click and conversion analytics to help you maximize conversion rates and optimize your business.
Revenue Analytics Includes click and conversion analytics to help you maximize conversion rates and optimize your business.
Analytics & Monitoring APIs
Activity Logs
InstantSearch Learn more about InstantSearch
.
Pre-built UI Libraries Learn more about the UI kit
.
Ecommerce Platform Integrations Salesforce CC B2C, Shopify, Adobe Commerce, commercetools. See all integrations
.
Integration with Segment, GTM Capture insights events via Segment and Google Tag Manager
Libraries + Third Party Integrations Code libraries and connections to third-party apps, for quicker development
Data Transformation Streamline data preparation and enhancing data quality. Learn more
.
Fetch API Enrich your records by calling any 3rd party service
A fast, low-code and easy way to crawl your data and index in Algolia. Simplify the data ingestion process and eliminate the need to build and maintain indexing pipeline. Learn more about the Crawler
10,000/mo then $0.80 per additional 1K Crawls/mo
Try for free.
Volume discounts available.
Crawl HTML & non-HTML sources
Crawl password protected pages
Automate and schedule crawls
Advanced config options via code editor
Hosting Locations
US, UK, EU West
Global
Number of Applications
1
10
Maximum Indices per Application
50
1000
Index Size Limit
100GB
Maximum Application Size
100GB
Maximum Size per Record
Avg 10KB/Record max 100KB
Developer Documentation Read docs
.
Discord Community Join Discord community at https://alg.li/discord
API Status updates
Algolia Academy View online courses and certifications in the Academy
.
Live Webinars Resource Guidance
Website support
Support Plans Multiple support levels, from community access to 24/7 enterprise-grade response times. Learn more
.
Available add-on
Professional Services Optional onboarding and foundation plans to help make your project successful. Learn more
.
Optional
Pricing FAQs
What is a search request? 0
A search request is a group of one or more search operations sent in a single exchange. Search operations are triggered when a search is performed. In autocomplete and search-as-you-type implementations, a new search request is performed on every keystroke.
In past Algolia plans, a single search would be counted per active search index. So Algolia would count a single search applied to 3 active indexes as 3 search 'operations'. With the current pricing, in this example Algolia would count this as one search 'request'. This greatly simplifies our pricing model for customers using federated search and for customers with multiple sorts (e.g. newest products, lowest cost, highest cost, etc.).
What is a record? How do you count records? 0
Simply put, a record is an item or object that contains data that someone would search (or get recommendations) for. The total number of records is equal to the sum of records that you have in all of your indices. Note that each pre-sort of your records creates a copy of the relevant pre-sorted records and as a result, increases your total record count.
Each Search plan allows you to store a certain number of records at any given time. You can update, delete, or add as many records as you want as long as the total number of the indexed records does not exceed the inclusion of the plan. If you go over the inclusion, you’ll be charged an over-quota based on the maximum number of records you’ve reached. Depending on your plan, there may be an opportunity to pre-purchase additional records at the beginning of your contract period at a discounted pr
Note: To offer flexibility, Algolia ignores the 3 days with the most records in each month before calculating the total number of records.
Is there a free plan? 0
Yes! Algolia Build offers 1 Million Records for free, and 10,000 Requests every month for both our Search and Recommend products. It’s your playground to try all things Algolia while you’re developing, and there’s no credit card required to get started. When you’re ready to share your project with the world, Grow and Grow Plus also include a generous monthly free tier.
Who is the Algolia Build plan intended for? 0
The Algolia Build plan is your Search & Discovery playground to try Algolia’s product offering. When you’re ready to move to production and share your project with the world, you’ll need to upgrade to Algolia Grow or Grow Plus, which includes a generous monthly free tier to host hobby and commercial projects alike in production.
Why does the Algolia Build plan include more free records than Grow? 0
At Algolia, we believe in charging only for data in motion; data which is being searched and accessed by your end users. When you’re ready to release, upgrade to Algolia’s Grow plan to share your project with the world.
To help you develop, test and experiment with your full data set risk-free, the Algolia Build plan permits up to 1 Million records when you’re in development, with API rate limiting and a limited number of Search Requests per month.
What is included in the free tier of Algolia Grow and Grow Plus? 0
Algolia's Grow and Grow Plus plans include:
10,000 Search Requests
10,000 Recommend Requests
100,000 Records
10,000 Crawls per month
1 free Guide
You’ll only be billed for usage which exceeds each product’s free tier, and only if you choose to use them.
What is the difference between Grow and Grow Plus? 0
Both plans include Algolia's powerful keyword search engine. Grow Plus includes access to AI capabilities including Ranking
Advanced Personalization
Collections
and increased limits on Rules
to improve results and drive engagement.
What is the difference between Grow Plus and Elevate? 0
Elevate is Algolia's full AI Search offering including NeuralSearch
Smart Groups
and AI Collections
Enhanced support, enterprise security features and options are also available. Elevate requires an annual contract.
Which plan is best for my use case? 0
It will depend on your use case, the size of your index, the number of queries per month you expect, whether you need AI, and other factors.
Generally speaking,
Grow is a great choice for a production-ready project that only needs keyword search capabilities.
Grow Plus offers enhanced AI capabilities and limits.
Elevate offers annual discounts and additional features and capabilities such as NeuralSearch, an enhanced SLA, additional indexes for larger federated catalogs, and much more.
Contact our team
to learn more about each plan and what might work best for you.
Do you offer volume discounts? 0
Yes, volume discounts are available with an annual contract. Contact us to learn more
.
Does Algolia require an annual contract? 0
Grow and Grow Plus plans are billed monthly with no contract required. Elevate plan requires an annual contract, contact us to learn more
.
Does Algolia offer special pricing for start-ups? 0
Learn more about the Algolia Startup program
and our free offer for open source
and non-profit projects
.
What is the ROI of using Algolia? 0
ROI varies by customer and use case, but Forrester Research performed an ROI analysis with several Algolia customers. They found ROI as high as 382% with a payback period of less than 6 months with $4.47M present value of benefit and $3.54M net present value. Read the full report here.
Analyst recognition Agentic intelligence layer powering commerce discovery
Recognized by IDC, Gartner, Forrester, and Paradigm B2B, Algolia helps enterprises turn search into a growth engine for AI-native experiences.
Evaluate Algolia
Gartner 2026 Magic Quadrant for Search and Product Discovery A leader for the third consecutive year
Algolia is recognized as a Leader in the 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Search and Product Discovery as the market shifts toward AI-powered, agentic discovery.
Read the announcement
See Algolia in action
Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Increased Operating Profit and Improved Efficiency
A Forrester Consulting study found Algolia delivered $3.1M NPV over three years, helping commerce teams improve relevance, automate merchandising, and grow revenue
Download the TEI study
IDC MarketScape Named a leader in knowledge discovery
IDC recognized Algolia as a leader in general-purpose knowledge discovery software, citing the growing role of search in AI-powered workflows and enterprise knowledge experiences
Read the IDC announcement
PARADIGM B2B COMBINE Top scores across every B2B category
Algolia earned 12 medals across 12 categories in Paradigm B2B’s 2025 Enterprise Combine for Search and Discovery, with customers praising speed, transparency, analytics, and ease of use
Learn more
✕
Hi there 👋 Need assistance? Click here
to allow functional cookies to launch our chat agent.
1
✕
