July 15-19 we're announcing a new feature daily! Next launch Thurs @ 11PST. Check Out Wednesday's Launch
Products
Solutions
Resources
Pricing
Sign In
Book a Live Demo
Products
Solutions
Resources
Experimentation
Feature Flags
Warehouse Native
Product Analytics
Session Replay
Web Analytics
ROLES
Engineering
Dev Ops
Data Science
Product Management
INDUSTRIES
Artificial Intelligence
Gaming
B2B Saas
E-Commerce
MORE LINKS
Customer Stories
Startups
Blog
Developer Docs
SDKs and APIs
Integrations
A/B Testing Calculator
Support
Events
Build vs Buy
Products
Solutions
Resources
Pricing
Sign In
Book a Live Demo
Experimentation
Feature Flags
Warehouse Native
Product Analytics
Session Replay
Web Analytics
ROLES
Engineering
Dev Ops
Data Science
Product Management
INDUSTRIES
Artificial Intelligence
Gaming
B2B Saas
E-Commerce
MORE LINKS
Customer Stories
Startups
Blog
Developer Docs
SDKs and APIs
Integrations
A/B Testing Calculator
Support
Events
Build vs Buy
Serves everyone in the company
Our pricing is simple, transparent and empowers everyone in your team/company to be data-driven.
Cloud
Developer
Free Flags, Configs & Experiments for All
Free (no card required)
Unlimited free feature flags
2M Events/month for analytics, experiments, etc. (begins Jul 1)
10,000 session replays/month
1 year product analytics data retention
This plan includes
Unlimited Seats
Unlimited Feature Flags
Feature Launch Impact Analytics
A/B/n Experiments
User Targeting
Device & Environment Targeting
Staged Rollouts
Dynamic Configs
Incoming Data Integrations
Cross-team Collaboration
1-Yr Product Analytics Data Retention
Advanced Analytics - Custom Metrics/Queries
Holdouts
Mutually Exclusive Experiments via Layers
Rollout Alerts
Change Reviews & Approvals
Outgoing Data Integrations
Get Started
Pro
Advanced Experimentation & Analytics
Starting at $150/month
Unlimited free feature flags
$150 for 5M monthly events, $50 per 1M events after that
100,000 session replays/month
Unlimited product analytics data retention
Everything in Free, plus
Advanced Analytics - Custom Metrics/Queries
Holdouts
Rollout Alerts
Change Reviews & Approvals
API Controls
Data Warehouse Imports
Multi-armed Bandit Experimentation
Unlimited Custom Environments
Unlimited Product Analytics Data Retention
Exports via API
Outgoing Data Integrations
SSO & Access Controls
Get Started
Enterprise
Experimentation and Analytics at Scale
Custom annual pricing
Volume discounts and custom pricing across all product lines
Everything in Pro, plus
Warehouse imports
Exports via API
Outgoing Data Integrations
SSO & Access Controls
Priority support
Event volume discounts
HIPAA-eligibility (BAA required)
Contact Sales
Warehouse
Warehouse Native
Full Power of Statsig, in your Warehouse
Custom annual pricing
Annual contract aligned to your team's usage
This plan includes
Unlimited Seats
Feature Flags
Feature Launch Impact Analytics
A/B/n experimentation
Holdouts
Change Reviews
API Controls
SSO & Access Controls
Priority support
HiPAA-eligibility (BAA required)
Contact Sales
Offer for startups
Check out our Be Significant program, an option for a fast-moving startup, to see if this is the right next step for you
Access to all the functionalities of the Statsig platform
Free for 12 months (up to 25M events per month)
Available for companies found less than 5 years ago and received less than $50 million in funding
Get even more events when you refer others
Apply Now
Compare Plans
No matter your needs, we have something that is ideal for you
Developer
Pro
Enterprise
Feature Flags & Experiments
Unlimited Seats Unlimited Seats
Bring your whole team over
Feature Flags Feature Flags
Analyze feature rollouts with Pulse Results
Multi-variate Experiments Multi-variate Experiments
A/B/n Tests
Dynamic Configs
Holdouts Holdouts
Withhold features to measure cumulative impact
Change Logs
Change Reverts
Change Review & Approval Workflow
Cross-team Collaboration Cross-team Collaboration
Collaborate with your team on decisions
Autotune Experiments Autotune Experiments
Let Statsig pick the winning treatment using the multi-arm bandit algorithm
Insights for Metrics Insights for Metrics
Breakdown the impact of all experiments and features on a specific metric
Directory-based Authentication Directory-based Authentication
SSO, SAML, OAUTH
Role Based Access Control Role Based Access Control
Manage access to features and experiments based on roles
Data Retention
-
6 Months
12 Months
Support Response
Slack Community
1 business day
4 business hours
99.99% Service SLA
Team-level Permissions Team-level Permissions
Enforce team-level permissions for reviews and approval flows
Organization & Project Management Organization & Project Management
Centrally manage all projects across your organization
Domain Assignment Domain Assignment
Enable authentication flows based on your email domain
Export Data API Export Data API
Export your Statsig exposure, events, and results on request
Accelerated Onboarding Sessions Accelerated Onboarding Sessions
Get in-depth technical support for rapid onboarding
Data Science Advisory & Experiment Reviews Data Science Advisory & Experiment Reviews
Review your experiments with Statsig's data scientists
Customer Success Manager Customer Success Manager
Get a headstart with experts designated to your experimentation outcomes
Tailored Integration Tailored Integration
Speak with Statsig engineering to solve your unique business needs
Flexible Payment Terms Flexible Payment Terms
Speak with Statsig sales to customize your payment plan
Analytics
Data
Event Volume Event Volume
The number of events you can send per month
1M/month
Unlimited
Data Access Data Access
Length of time we retain raw event data for you to leverage for analysis
1 year
Unlimited
Unlimited (Customizable)
Core Analytics
Metric Drilldown Metric Drilldown
Plot events and metrics over time. Drilldown for targeted analysis
Funnels Funnels
Visualize the conversion journey of users through a sequence of steps
Retention Retention
Track user engagement over time to understand how many users return to your product or feature
User Journeys User Journeys
Visualize the many paths users take through your product
Dashboards Dashboards
Save multiple charts, experiment and feature gate summaries in one place for the whole team to reference
Group Analytics Group Analytics
Measure your metrics or perform analysis at company, account, or group level. Useful for B2B products
Included
Ad-Hoc Data Transformations
Formulas Formulas
Transform and combine metrics with formulas
Statistical Operators Statistical Operators
Plot averages, sums, medians, and percentiles of properties
Distribution Analysis Distribution Analysis
Analyze users by how frequently they perform an event to understand the distribution
Custom Metrics Custom Metrics
Define new metrics by combining multiple events, defining how an event is aggregated
Organization
Tags Tags
Organize entities by associating them with custom labels
Dashboard Tag Organization Dashboard Tag Organization
Automatically create new dashboards from the tag on metrics, charts, experiments and feature gates
Advanced Analytics
Behavioral Cohorts Behavioral Cohorts
Define and analyze custom user segment. Base those definitions on both in product behaviors and user properties
Experiment Based Segmentation Analysis Experiment Based Segmentation Analysis
Integrate analytics with experimentation. Perform segmentation analysis on different experiment groups
Feature Gate based Segmentation Analysis Feature Gate based Segmentation Analysis
Integrate analytics with feature gates. Perform segmentation analysis on groups with different feature gate rule assignments
Join the #1 Community for Product Experimentation
Connect with a like-minded group of data scientists and engineers tackling the same challenges as you
A breadth of experimentation topics
Insights from hands-on experimenters at top companies
Practical tips you can't find anywhere else
No questions unanswered
Join Community
Statsig vs. the competition
Developer
Free, Forever
Start with a generous free tier, including use of flags & configs, plus 1M Metered Events/ month
Unlimited Seats
Enable the entire team to leverage the tool
Unlimited MAU
No change in pricing based on MAU
Core Feature Flag Use Cases
Feature toggles, continuous delivery, testing in production, and more
SDKs for all major languages
Native support for most popular language libraries
Scheduled Rollouts
Incrementally release features over time.
Advanced Targeting
Target by attributes, Regex, dependencies, and more
No-Code Dynamic Configuration
Enable non-technical users to enter dynamic configuration values as simple name:value pairs, instead of requiring them to write code
Approval Flows
Avoid errors and ensure compliance with peer review for code changes in production
Feature Lifecycle Management
Controls to view and manage feature flags throughout the lifecycle, searchable, in one place
In-console collaboration
Discuss planned features in-console with comments and discussion threads
Multi-Environment Control
Ability to configure flag rules by environment, with custom review requirements by environment
API Controls
Manage Feature Flags via REST API
Pro
Consumption-based Pricing
Pay only for what you use on a per- event basis, with no MAU or seat limits
Turn Every Flag into an Experiment
Use partial rollouts to measure the impact of each feature before shipping, or progressive rollouts
All metrics behind every flag
See the impact of each feature rollout on all metrics
Holdouts
Persistent holdout groups help you measure the cumulative impact of changes
Try Statsig Today
Get started for free. Add your whole team!
Try for Free
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I get started with Statsig?
When you first sign up for Statsig, you automatically start on Statsig’s Developer Tier, which gives you free access to gates, configs, experimentation and analytics. On this plan, you get 2 million Metered Events (see definition below) every calendar month at no charge.
If you need more features or additional Metered Events, you can upgrade to our Pro or Enterprise tiers at any time. If you are using Statsig at scale, you can take advantage of the volume discounts offered as a part of Statsig’s Enterprise Tier.
What is Statsig’s pricing philosophy?
At Statsig, our pricing philosophy is to charge for features that 1) cost us money and 2) create value for our customers. Accordingly, we’ve chosen a usage-based pricing model, where users are charged for the events and exposures their applications sends to Statsig.
A good example of this pricing philosophy is how Statsig charges for Feature Flags. We provide users with the ability to toggle the calculation for Metric Lifts associated with their rollout on or off. By default we don’t charge customers for any exposures associated with 0 or 100% roll-outs. We would only charge a customer when they’ve togggled Metric Lifts on and when the gate is a partial roll-out (meaning there are valid Metric Lift computations).
What are metered events?
Statsig bills customers based on the number of Metered Events they use. Metered Events are a subset of events which power analytics or metrics workflows. These workflows are compute & storage intensive.
The following types of events/ metrics are defined as “Metered Events":
Exposure: When an application calls the Statsig SDK to check whether a user should be exposed to an experiment or a feature flag with Metric Lifts enabled.
Log event: When an application calls the Statsig SDK to log an event or when an event is imported to Statsig from a 3rd party source (e.g. Segment)
Ingested metric: When a pre-computed metric is ingested to Statsig from from a data warehouse
Custom metric: When existing events or metrics are used to create a Custom Metric
Statsig dedupes exposure events for the same user and feature/experiment on our client SDKs (60m window; proxy for session duration) and server SDKs (1m window; proxy for user request handling).
Experiment checks that result in no allocation (e.g. the experiment hasn’t started, or has finished) or Feature Flags that have been disabled (fully shipped or abandoned with no rule evaluation) do not generate Metered Events.
By default, customers are able to include one event dimension (via Value field) with each log event for free. Customers are charged an additional log event for each additional dimension added.
What happens if I exceed my free events limit?
If you exceed the 2 million Developer Tier events limit, you’ll be shown a prompt to enter a credit card to upgrade to Statsig’s Pro tier.
If you want to stay on the Developer tier, gate and config targeting will continue to work, but Metric Lift computations will stop. You will be sent multiple warning notifications before Metric Lifts are no longer calculated.
What happens if I’m on the Pro Tier, and use more than 5M events per month?
Statsig’s Pro Tier includes 5 million Metered Events per month. Once you exceed this amount, you’ll be charged $0.05 per additional 1K events used within the month billing period. This overage fee will be included in your monthly bill, which will be charged to the credit card on file.
If you want to lower your bill, you can switch to an Enterprise plan at any point. We offer significant volume discounts to Enterprise customers, dramatically reducing costs at scale. Reach out to our sales team
to learn more.
When will Statsig charge me?
On Statsig’s Pro tier, you will be charged a baseline fee of $150 per month at the start of each billing period. If you incur overages during a given billing period, those overages will be included in your bill for the next billing period.
For example, if your subscription begins on January 1, you will pay a $150 fee on January 1, and on the first day of each subsequent month. If you incur overages during the month of January, the overages will be included in your February 1 bill.
Enterprise customers are eligible for custom billing and payment terms.
How do I monitor my usage?
To monitor your usage, navigate to Project Settings and click on the “Usage & Billing” tab within your Statsig console
See our documentation for more details.
How does Statsig Product Analytics integrate with the rest of the platform?
Statsig provides full featured product analytics that can be used as stand alone solution. However, we aim to solve problems that span the product development lifecycle. A few examples that product analytics enables:
Debug your experiments and feature gate rollouts.
Perform segment analysis of experiment groups or feature gate rules.
View session replays and user event streams in the context that they matter to understand the why behind user actions and experiment results.
Monitor the long term effects of your experiments and feature rollouts.
Correlate metric movements with feature releases
Do I have to purchase product analytics separately?
All tiers of Statsig includes core product analytics capabilities. On the free tier that includes our Core Product Analytics features and 1 year of data retention for analysis. On the pro-tier, Full-Featured Statsig product analytics is included at no extra cost. This includes access to all product analytics features and unlimited data retention for analysis. On the enterprise tier, we want to provide the flexibility to pick what makes the most sense for your business.
Can I purchase Statsig Product Analytics as a standalone?
Yes, on the enterprise tier. At Statsig our vision is to be an end-to-end data platform to help businesses build better products. On our free and pro tiers, we want to make that simple and offer a competitively priced solution that spans our product offerings. At the enterprise tier, we want to give businesses the flexibility to pick what makes sense for their specific needs, and that includes a Product Analytics only package.
Can I move my data from other product analytics solutions?
Today this is only available for enterprise users. We’re in the process of building out APIs that enable easy transfer of historical data into Statsig.
Still Have Questions?
What builders love about us
Testimonials
At OpenAI, we want to iterate as fast as possible. Statsig enables us to grow, scale, and learn efficiently. Integrating experimentation with product analytics and feature flagging has been crucial for quickly understanding and addressing our users' top priorities.
OpenAI
Dave Cummings
Engineering Manager, ChatGPT
More stories
Brex's mission is to help businesses move fast. Statsig is now helping our engineers move fast. It has been a game changer to automate the manual lift typical to running experiments and has helped product teams ship the right features to their users quickly.
Brex
Karandeep Anand
President
More stories
At Notion, we're continuously learning what our users value and want every team to run experiments to learn more. It’s also critical to maintain speed as a habit. Statsig's experimentation platform enables both this speed and learning for us.
Notion
Mengying Li
Data Science Manager
More stories
We evaluated Optimizely, LaunchDarkly, Split, and Eppo, but ultimately selected Statsig due to its comprehensive end-to-end integration. We wanted a complete solution rather than a partial one, including everything from the stats engine to data ingestion.
SoundCloud
Don Browning
SVP, Data & Platform Engineering
More stories
We only had so many analysts. Statsig provided the necessary tools to remove the bottleneck. I know that we are able to impact our key business metrics in a positive way with Statsig. We are definitely heading in the right direction with Statsig.
Ancestry
Partha Sarathi
Director of Engineering
More stories
