Platform
Resources
Docs
Blog
Pricing
Sign In
Book a Live Demo
Platform
Resources
PRODUCTS
Experimentation
Feature Flags
Warehouse Native
Product Analytics
Session Replay
Web Analytics
ROLES
Engineering
Dev Ops
Data Science
Product Management
INDUSTRIES
Artificial Intelligence
Gaming
B2B Saas
E-Commerce
Customer Stories
Startups
Integrations
A/B Testing Calculator
Support
Product Updates
Platform
Resources
Docs
Blog
Pricing
Sign In
Book a Live Demo
PRODUCTS
Experimentation
Feature Flags
Warehouse Native
Product Analytics
Session Replay
Web Analytics
ROLES
Engineering
Dev Ops
Data Science
Product Management
INDUSTRIES
Artificial Intelligence
Gaming
B2B Saas
E-Commerce
Customer Stories
Startups
Integrations
A/B Testing Calculator
Support
Product Updates
📢 Announcing the Statsig <> Azure AI Integration · Learn more
Scalable tools to drive product growth
Build faster & ship smarter with the world's most affordable product growth platform. Cut your current spend or start for free (like 90% of our customers)
Developer
Growth tools for individual builders
Free
(no credit card required) 2M events per month
Unlimited flag & config checks
50,000 session replays per month
Start for Free
Get started with:
A/B tests & experimentation
Feature flags & config management
Product and web analytics
1-year analytics retention
Session replays
Unlimited seats
Pro
A complete platform for growing teams
$150
/mo 5M events included, then $0.05 per 1K events
Unlimited flag & config checks
100,000 session replays per month
Get Started
Everything in Developer, plus:
Advanced experimentation
Advanced product analytics
Unlimited analytics retention
Change reviews & approvals
API controls
Enterprise
Scalable solutions for large organizations
Custom
Event or Experiment based contracts
Large volume discounts
Warehouse native deployment
Contact Us
Everything in Pro, plus:
Warehouse native deployment
Outgoing data integrations
Data warehouse imports
SSO, role-based access controls, & teams
Priority support
HIPAA-eligibility (BAA required)
Statsig for Startups
Are you a scaling startup? Apply to Statsig’s BeSignificant program to get 1 billion free events (a $50,000 value) and full access to our enterprise-level features.
Apply Now
Included in every plan
Unlimited Seats
Collaborate with the whole team, without seat-based pricing
Unlimited Feature Flags
Get unlimited advanced feature flags at no extra cost
Experimentation
Run experiments with the world’s most advanced stats engine
Product Analytics
Dive deep into data with funnels, drill downs, journeys, and more
Compare Plans
Developer
Pro
Enterprise
Experimentation
Core experimentation
Multi-variate experiments Multi-variate experiments
A/B/n Tests
Bayesian & frequentist Bayesian & frequentist
Support for both Bayesian and Frequentist methods
Experiment templates & summaries Experiment templates & summaries
Save experiment templates and export formatted reports
No-code experiments No-code experiments
Create experiments with a visual web editor
Advanced experimentation features
Custom queries Custom queries
Run ad-hoc queries on experiment results to analyze new metrics or filter by specific cohorts
Holdouts Holdouts
Withhold features to measure cumulative impact
Multi-arm bandit experiments Multi-arm bandit experiments
Let Statsig pick the winning treatment using the multi-arm bandit algorithm
Insights for metrics Insights for metrics
Breakdown the impact of all experiments and features on a specific metric
Advanced statistical techniques
CUPED CUPED
Method to reduce experiment runtime and increase accuracy with historical data
Bonferroni Correction Bonferroni Correction
Adjust for multiple comparisons
Winsorization Winsorization
Reduce the influence of outliers
Benjamini-Hochberg procedure Benjamini-Hochberg procedure
Control the false discovery rate in multiple hypothesis tests
Automated heterogenous effect detection Automated heterogenous effect detection
Identify classes of users that are differentially impacted
Interaction effect detection Interaction effect detection
Detect effects of overlapping experiments
Stratified sampling Stratified sampling
Balance heterogenous subjects across experiment groups
Advanced test types
Sequential testing Sequential testing
Prevent early-peeking on A/B test results
Switchback tests Switchback tests
Run tests when traditional randomization isn't feasible
Non-inferiority tests Non-inferiority tests
Tests to show a treatment is not worse than a control
Feature Management
Core feature management features
Feature flags Feature flags
Decouple code deployment from feature release
Dynamic configs Dynamic configs
Store JSON values in a flexible, hosted config
Parameter stores Parameter stores
Store text parameters, then call them in your mobile application or web application for ease of use, localization, and more
Rollout management
Percentage-based rollouts Percentage-based rollouts
Roll out features to any percentage of your users
Automated, scheduled rollouts Automated, scheduled rollouts
Set pre-defined stages and timelines for rollouts
Targeting
Attribute-based targeting Attribute-based targeting
Target features based on a user's specific attributes (including dozens that are automatically generated)
Segment-based targeting Segment-based targeting
Target features to pre-defined user segments (which are shared across experimentation & analytics
Environment-based targeting Environment-based targeting
Target features to a specific environment
Custom targeting Custom targeting
Target feature to based on any custom attributes
Impact measurement & monitoring
Monitoring metrics Monitoring metrics
Set monitoring metrics to measure the impact of a release, and prevent regressions
Flag impact analysis Flag impact analysis
Turn every release into an A/B test
Automated alerts Automated alerts
Set custom alerts to closely monitor performance regressions, bugs, errors, and more
Flag management tooling
Flag dashboard Flag dashboard
See all your feature flags in one place, with tagging by app & environment, automated health checks, and data on number of exposures
Stale gate management Stale gate management
Get automated alerts on the presence of stale gates, plus nudges on how to clean them up
Code references Code references
See references to feature flags in your code
Analytics
Data
Event Volume Event Volume
The number of events you can send per month
2M/month
Unlimited
Data Retention Data Retention
Length of time we retain raw event data for you to leverage for analysis
1 year
Unlimited
Unlimited (Customizable)
Core Analytics
Metric Drilldown Metric Drilldown
Plot events and metrics over time. Drilldown for targeted analysis
Funnels Funnels
Visualize the conversion journey of users through a sequence of steps
Retention Retention
Track user engagement over time to understand how many users return to your product or feature
User Journeys User Journeys
Visualize the many paths users take through your product
Dashboards Dashboards
Save multiple charts, experiment and feature gate summaries in one place for the whole team to reference
Group Analytics Group Analytics
Measure your metrics or perform analysis at a company, account, or group level. Useful for B2B products
Included
Ad-Hoc Data Transformations
Formulas Formulas
Transform and combine metrics with formulas
Statistical Operators Statistical Operators
Plot averages, sums, medians, and percentiles of properties
Distribution Analysis Distribution Analysis
Analyze users by how frequently they perform an event to understand the distribution
Custom Metrics Custom Metrics
Define new metrics by combining multiple events, defining how an event is aggregated
Organization
Tags Tags
Organize entities by associating them with custom labels
Dashboard Tag Organization Dashboard Tag Organization
Automatically create new dashboards from the tag on metrics, charts, experiments and feature gates
Advanced Analytics
Behavioral Cohorts Behavioral Cohorts
Define and analyze custom user segment. Base those definitions on both in product behaviors and user properties
Experiment Based Segmentation Analysis Experiment Based Segmentation Analysis
Integrate analytics with experimentation. Perform segmentation analysis on different experiment groups
Feature Gate based Segmentation Analysis Feature Gate based Segmentation Analysis
Integrate analytics with feature gates. Perform segmentation analysis on groups with different feature gate rule assignments
Session Replays
Web session replays Web session replays
Watch recordings of user web sessions
Mobile session replays Mobile session replays
Watch recordings of mobile app sessions
Attribute-based filtering Attribute-based filtering
Filter sessions to users with specific attributes
Behavioral filtering Behavioral filtering
Filter sessions based on user behavior or events
Entity-based filtering Entity-based filtering
Watch users who are in specific treatment groups of an experiment or feature gate
Session replay retention Session replay retention
How long Statsig will store your session replays
30 days
Custom
Blocklisting & allowlisting Blocklisting & allowlisting
Securely block or allow specific elements and fields to protect user privacy
Governance
Access Control
Directory-based Authentication Directory-based Authentication
SSO, SAML, OAUTH
Role Based Access Control Role Based Access Control
Manage access to features and experiments based on roles
SCIM User Provisioning SCIM User Provisioning
Sync users, roles and projects with Okta
Domain Assignment Domain Assignment
Enable authentication flows based on your email domain
Projects and Teams
Organization & Project Management Organization & Project Management
Centrally manage all projects across your organization
Multiple Projects Multiple Projects
Access all features across multiple projects shared under one account
Team-level Permissions Team-level Permissions
Enforce team-level permissions for reviews and approval flows
Change logs
Change reverts Change reverts
Enforce team-level permissions for reviews and approval flows
Change review & approval workflow
Platform & Integrations
Platform
30+ Client & Server SDKs 30+ Client & Server SDKs
Use our 30+ SDKs, used by tens of thousands of developers
Massively scalable infra Massively scalable infra
Leverage our enterprise-grade infra for logging, config management and more
Support and SLAs
Support response
Slack Community
1 business day
4 business hours
99.99% Service SLA
Premium support Premium support
Access to a private Slack channel with a Statsig account team
Accelerated onboarding session Accelerated onboarding session
In-depth technical support for rapid onboarding
Warehouse Native
Warehouse-native implementation Warehouse-native implementation
Deploy Statsig in your data warehouse, including Snowflake, Databricks, BigQuery, Redshift, Athena, and Fabric
EU hosting EU hosting
Support for hosting in the EU
Managed real-time logging Managed real-time logging
Managed real-time logging from SDKs directly to your warehouse
Integrations
Incoming data integrations Incoming data integrations
Ingest data from a CDP, analytics platform, or similar tool
Warehouse ingestion Warehouse ingestion
Ingest data from a data warehouse to Statsig cloud
Data export API Data export API
Export exposure, event, and result data
★★★★★
Mauricio A.
Enterprise (> 1000 emp.)
Great product, super-responsive team
They provide an easy to use experimentation platform that allows developers to add testing in many parts of our website, while our analysts set up the tests and take decision along with product managers based on the outcome.
We were using a market leader but it was too rigid when we asked for new features. Statsig team was open for changes from the begining, if they were reasonable.
★★★★★
Leif F.
Small Business (< 50 emp.)
Statsig is the best experimentation tool on the planet
Rock solid experimentation tool. Simple, yet high-powered. I use it every day. Critical tool in the day-to-day operation and development of my online software business.
★★★★★
Matteo H.
Small Business (< 50 emp.)
Everything that my startup needed for experiments and metrics
Statsig provides out of the box all the important metrics a company need by just installing the SDK.
With all the metrics in one easy-to-find place, Statsig then provides all the instruments to meaningfully move those metrics through experiments, making it incredibly easy to create, analyze, and rollout
★★★★★
Lluis U.
Mid Market (51-1000 emp.)
Easy to use experimentation tool
I love Statsig UX. Setting up experiments is straightforward. The advanced options are powerful, and we defined experiments with custom exclusion criteria and mutually exclusive tests.
The results view sums up everything essential to decide the best variant to ship. The real-time debugging panel is a friendly tool for ensuring everything is set up correctly.
More reviews
Testimonials
Additional pricing resources
How much does a feature flagging platform cost?
A detailed cost comparison of modern feature flagging platforms, with a model you can copy.
Learn more
How much does an experimentation platform cost?
We created a detailed pricing model simulator that breaks down costs across the most popular experimentation platforms.
Learn more
How much does a product analytics platform cost?
A detailed comparison of product analytics pricing, with a spreadsheet you can use to dig deeper.
Learn more
Compare Statsig against Optimizely
For teams with non-web based use cases (product, infra, etc), a website optimization platform like Optimizely may not suit their needs.
Compare
Compare Statsig against Split.io
Split is a legacy feature flagging solution, but many users are looking for an advanced platform with modern experimentation, analytics, and more.
Compare
Compare Statsig against LaunchDarkly
LaunchDarkly has led the feature flag industry for a decade. Those looking to do more than flip toggles may want to upgrade to a more modern platform.
Compare
Compare Statsig against VWO
Statsig offers a modern, all-in-one platform for experimentation and analytics, outpacing VWO's legacy tools in scalability and advanced features.
Compare
Compare Statsig against Eppo
Find out why users prefer the power and support of a flexible Cloud and Warehouse Native Experimentation platform that the entire team can use.
Compare
Compare Statsig against Adobe Target
Statsig provides a more comprehensive and usable platform for technical teams and non-engineers alike.
Compare
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I get started with Statsig?
When you first sign up for Statsig, you automatically start on Statsig’s Developer Tier, which gives you free access to gates, configs, experimentation and analytics. On this plan, you get 2 million Metered Events (see definition below) every calendar month at no charge.
If you need more features or additional Metered Events, you can upgrade to our Pro or Enterprise tiers at any time. If you are using Statsig at scale, you can take advantage of the volume discounts offered as a part of Statsig’s Enterprise Tier.
What is Statsig’s pricing philosophy?
At Statsig, our pricing philosophy is to charge for features that 1) cost us money and 2) create value for our customers. Accordingly, we’ve chosen a usage-based pricing model, where users are charged for the events and exposures their applications sends to Statsig.
A good example of this pricing philosophy is how Statsig charges for Feature Flags. We provide users with the ability to toggle the calculation for Metric Lifts associated with their rollout on or off. By default we don’t charge customers for any exposures associated with 0 or 100% roll-outs. We would only charge a customer when they’ve togggled Metric Lifts on and when the gate is a partial roll-out (meaning there are valid Metric Lift computations).
What are metered events?
Statsig bills customers based on the number of Metered Events they use. Metered Events are a subset of events which power analytics or metrics workflows. These workflows are compute & storage intensive.
The following types of events/ metrics are defined as “Metered Events":
Exposure: When an application calls the Statsig SDK to check whether a user should be exposed to an experiment or a feature flag with Metric Lifts enabled.
Log event: When an application calls the Statsig SDK to log an event or when an event is imported to Statsig from a 3rd party source (e.g. Segment)
Ingested metric: When a pre-computed metric is ingested to Statsig from from a data warehouse
Custom metric: When existing events or metrics are used to create a Custom Metric
Statsig dedupes exposure events for the same user and feature/experiment on our client SDKs (60m window; proxy for session duration) and server SDKs (1m window; proxy for user request handling).
Experiment checks that result in no allocation (e.g. the experiment hasn’t started, or has finished) or Feature Flags that have been disabled (fully shipped or abandoned with no rule evaluation) do not generate Metered Events.
By default, customers are able to include one event dimension (via Value field) with each log event for free. Customers are charged an additional log event for each additional dimension added.
What happens if I exceed my free events limit?
If you exceed the 2 million Developer Tier events limit, you’ll be shown a prompt to enter a credit card to upgrade to Statsig’s Pro tier.
If you want to stay on the Developer tier, gate and config targeting will continue to work, but Metric Lift computations will stop. You will be sent multiple warning notifications before Metric Lifts are no longer calculated.
What happens if I’m on the Pro Tier, and use more than 5M events per month?
Statsig’s Pro Tier includes 5 million Metered Events per month. Once you exceed this amount, you’ll be charged $0.05 per additional 1K events used within the month billing period. This overage fee will be included in your monthly bill, which will be charged to the credit card on file.
If you want to lower your bill, you can switch to an Enterprise plan at any point. We offer significant volume discounts to Enterprise customers, dramatically reducing costs at scale. Reach out to our sales team
to learn more.
When will Statsig charge me?
On Statsig’s Pro tier, you will be charged a baseline fee of $150 per month at the start of each billing period. If you incur overages during a given billing period, those overages will be included in your bill for the next billing period.
For example, if your subscription begins on January 1, you will pay a $150 fee on January 1, and on the first day of each subsequent month. If you incur overages during the month of January, the overages will be included in your February 1 bill.
Enterprise customers are eligible for custom billing and payment terms.
How do I monitor my usage?
To monitor your usage, navigate to Project Settings and click on the “Usage & Billing” tab within your Statsig console
See our documentation for more details.
How many projects can I have with a Pro subscription?
Each pro subscription applies to one project only. You can create multiple projects but would need to upgrade them independently.
Enterprise customers can have mutiple projects, contact us
to learn more!
How does Statsig Product Analytics integrate with the rest of the platform?
Statsig provides full featured product analytics that can be used as stand alone solution. However, we aim to solve problems that span the product development lifecycle. A few examples that product analytics enables:
Debug your experiments and feature gate rollouts.
Perform segment analysis of experiment groups or feature gate rules.
View session replays and user event streams in the context that they matter to understand the why behind user actions and experiment results.
Monitor the long term effects of your experiments and feature rollouts.
Correlate metric movements with feature releases
Do I have to purchase product analytics separately?
All tiers of Statsig includes core product analytics capabilities. On the free tier that includes our Core Product Analytics features and 1 year of data retention for analysis. On the pro-tier, Full-Featured Statsig product analytics is included at no extra cost. This includes access to all product analytics features and unlimited data retention for analysis. On the enterprise tier, we want to provide the flexibility to pick what makes the most sense for your business.
Can I purchase Statsig Product Analytics as a standalone?
Yes, on the enterprise tier. At Statsig our vision is to be an end-to-end data platform to help businesses build better products. On our free and pro tiers, we want to make that simple and offer a competitively priced solution that spans our product offerings. At the enterprise tier, we want to give businesses the flexibility to pick what makes sense for their specific needs, and that includes a Product Analytics only package.
Can I move my data from other product analytics solutions?
Today this is only available for enterprise users. We’re in the process of building out APIs that enable easy transfer of historical data into Statsig.
Still Have Questions?
Why the best build with us
Testimonials
At OpenAI, we want to iterate as fast as possible. Statsig enables us to grow, scale, and learn efficiently. Integrating experimentation with product analytics and feature flagging has been crucial for quickly understanding and addressing our users' top priorities.
OpenAI
Dave Cummings
Engineering Manager, ChatGPT
More stories
Brex's mission is to help businesses move fast. Statsig is now helping our engineers move fast. It has been a game changer to automate the manual lift typical to running experiments and has helped product teams ship the right features to their users quickly.
Brex
Karandeep Anand
President
More stories
At Notion, we're continuously learning what our users value and want every team to run experiments to learn more. It’s also critical to maintain speed as a habit. Statsig's experimentation platform enables both this speed and learning for us.
Notion
Mengying Li
Data Science Manager
More stories
We evaluated Optimizely, LaunchDarkly, Split, and Eppo, but ultimately selected Statsig due to its comprehensive end-to-end integration. We wanted a complete solution rather than a partial one, including everything from the stats engine to data ingestion.
SoundCloud
Don Browning
SVP, Data & Platform Engineering
More stories
We only had so many analysts. Statsig provided the necessary tools to remove the bottleneck. I know that we are able to impact our key business metrics in a positive way with Statsig. We are definitely heading in the right direction with Statsig.
Ancestry
Partha Sarathi
Director of Engineering
More stories
