Pricing
Elevate your productivity to newest heights. Upgrade your experience, and bring your teams closer together.
Monthly
Yearly
Free
Everything you need to supercharge your productivity.
- / month What’s included Calculator, Quicklinks, Snippets, Window Management, and many more core features
More than 1000 Extensions
Custom Extensions
Developer Tools
Download
Pro
Unlock a new level of your personal productivity.
- / month What’s included Everything in Free
Raycast AI
Cloud Sync
Custom Themes
Unlimited Clipboard History
More Coming Soon
Select Plan
Team Free
Power up your team’s speed and processes.
$0 / month per user What’s included Everything in Free
Up to 5 Shared Commands
Up to 30 Shared Quicklinks
Up to 30 Shared Snippets
Unlimited Team Members
More Coming Soon
Create Organization
Team Pro
Supercharge your team and maximize everybody’s productivity.
- / month per user What’s included Everything in Pro
Unlimited Shared Commands
Unlimited Shared Quicklinks
Unlimited Shared Snippets
Unlimited Team Members
More Coming Soon
Select Plan
Looking for our Enterprise plan? Get in touch
FAQs
Answers to the most frequently asked questions.
How do you handle my data?
We value privacy and never collect any sensitive information. None of your inputs are recorded or used to train models. All Raycast AI features are powered by OpenAI's APIs.
What's the difference between the Pro and Teams plan?
The Pro plan is for individuals. It includes Raycast AI, Cloud Sync and more. The Teams plan is for organizations. On top of all Pro features, teams can share Extensions, Snippets and Quicklinks privately.
Can I use my own OpenAI API key?
We don't have an option to BYOK (Bring Your Own Key) for OpenAI. If you want to use your own key, you can use an Extension from the Store or build your own.
Which model do you use for Raycast AI?
Raycast AI relies on different LLMs. We use OpenAI's GPT 3 and GPT 3.5-Turbo models as well as some other models.
Ready for take-off?
Download the Raycast app and start taking your productivity to new heights.
Download for Mac
or $ brew install --cask raycast
macOS 11+
Stay up to date
We’d love to stay connected with you. If the feeling’s mutual, follow @raycastapp on Twitter for the latest news and updates.
Help shape the product
Lots of the best and brightest ideas come from you. Join our Slack Community to help create the future of Raycast.
Subscribe to our newsletter Get a summary of what we’ve shipped during the last month, behind the scenes updates, and team picks.
Pure information and no spam. Unsubscribe any time
