Store
Pro
Teams
Developers
Changelog
Blog
Pricing
Log in
Download
Log in
Level up with Raycast Pro.
Use the core product for free, forever.
More about Pro
FAQs
You’ve got questions. We’ve got answers
Why is Raycast free for personal use?
We think of Raycast as a productivity layer that everybody should use to get work done faster. To make it accessible, we don't charge for the individual plan. The plan covers all built-in extensions, such as Clipboard History, Calendar or Window Management and provides access to all public extensions built by our community.
Is the free Team plan a trial?
No, the free plan for Teams doesn’t expire, and isn’t a trial. You can use this plan for as long as you want within your organization, however you are limited to just 30 shared Snippets, 30 shared Quicklinks, and 5 Commands across all of your Extensions.
How many seats do I get in a Team plan?
There is no minimum or maximum amount of seats that your team can have. You add users to your plan when you need to add to your team, and pay per user, per month.
Can I have personal Extensions and Team Extensions?
Yes, you can create personal Extensions that are personalized to you, and speed up your productivity, and have team Extensions that can be shared around in your organization for everyone to use. Team Extensions will be available in the Store command, behind a filter for your Team. This is where all of your Team Extensions will live, and where you can install them.
Can I be part of multiple organizations?
Yes, there is no limit to how many organizations you can be part of. It’s important to remember to avoid using multiple email addresses for different organizations, as you need to log in to the app in order to access the shared Snippets, Quicklinks and Extensions.
Product
Store
Pro
Teams
Pricing
Changelog
Browser Extension
Developers
API Docs
Manual
Troubleshooting
FAQ
Core Features
Reminders
Clipboard History
Window Management
Snippets
File Search
Quicklinks
Calculator
Calendar
System
Emoji Picker
Company
Careers
Manifesto
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
DPA
Press Kit
Contact
Community
Community Stories
Slack
X/Twitter
GitHub
Dribbble
By Raycast
Explore Snippets
Prompts
Chat Presets
ray.so
Icon Maker
Merch
Wallpapers
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Get product updates and news in your inbox. No spam.
By submitting your email address, you agree to receive Raycast’s monthly newsletter. For more information, please read our privacy policy
You can always withdraw your consent.
