Make Waves '26 tickets are live. Join us in Prague, Oct 19–20, for two days of AI, automation, and what's next. Save with early-bird pricing!
Plans that grow with you
Whether you're new to automation or using it to run your entire business, there's a plan for you.
No time limit on the Free plan
Scale as you grow
Advanced tools and integrations at every level
Easy setup and app connection
How many credits per month?
Each module action in your scenario, like adding a Google Sheet row or fetching Gmail account data, counts as one credit. Please refer to our FAQ for more information.
10,000 credits/mo
10k
20k
40k
80k
150k
300k
500k
750k
1M
1.5M
2M
2.5M
3M
4M
5M
6M
7M
8M
8M+
Save 15% or more
Pay monthly
Pay annually
Pay monthly
Pay annually
How many credits per month?
Each module action in your scenario, like adding a Google Sheet row or fetching Gmail account data, counts as one credit. Please refer to our FAQ for more information.
10k credits/mo
Free
$
0
/mo
Up to 1,000 credits/mo
Get started
For those looking to experience our visual-first interface and create the first scenario
Free includes:
1,000 credits/month
No-code visual workflow builder
3000+ apps
Routers & filters
Customer support
15-minute minimum interval between runs
Core
$
9
/mo
Price for 10k credits/mo
Get started
For those with fundamental AI and automation needs
Everything in Free, plus:
Unlimited active scenarios
More control with scheduled scenarios, down to the minute
Increased data transfer limits
Access to the Make API
Recommended
Pro
$
16
/mo
Price for 10k credits/mo
Get started
For those seeking advanced AI and automation features and high-performance execution
Everything in Core, plus:
Priority scenario execution
Custom variables
Full-text execution log search
Teams
$
29
/mo
Price for 10k credits/mo
Get started
For teams streamlining AI and automation efforts together
Everything in Pro, plus:
Teams and team roles
Create and share scenario templates
Enterprise
Custom pricing
Let's grow your business together
Talk to sales
For organizations needing powerful, scalable, and secure AI and automation solutions
Everything in Teams, plus:
Custom functions support
Enterprise app integrations
24/7 Enterprise support
Access to Value Engineering team
Overage protection
Advanced security features
Choose the perfect plan for your needs
Free
Core
Pro
Teams
Enterprise
For those looking to experience our visual-first interface and create the first scenario
For those with fundamental AI and automation needs
For those seeking advanced AI and automation features and high-performance execution
For teams streamlining AI and automation efforts together
For organizations needing powerful, scalable, and secure AI and automation solutions
Make + AI
AI applications Connect 350+ AI apps in Make’s ecosystem to make workflows intelligent and automate decisions.
MCP server Connect your AI to your Make scenarios from anywhere with Make MCP Server.
AI Content Extractor Extract structured text and metadata from files directly within your Make scenarios.
AI Web Search (beta) Bring live web data into your automations with built-in AI search and structured outputs.
Make AI Agents (beta) Build and manage AI Agents in Make with our AI Provider (all plans) or your own LLM key
Make AI Toolkit Streamline workflows with built-in AI tools using Make’s AI Provider (all plans) or your own LLM key
Workflow essentials
Make Code App Run custom JavaScript or Python in Make to add advanced logic, transform data, and power AI-driven workflows.
2 credits per 1 sec of code execution time
2 credits per 1 sec of code execution time. Extended resources
No-code workflow builder Design, build, and automate with a visual drag-and-drop interface.
System variables Use detailed info on your scenarios, executions, teams, and organization in your workflows.
Custom variables Edit and manage your data across multiple scenarios at once.
Scenario inputs Run complex scenarios simply by filling in inputs that are marked as required.
Scenario Outputs Enhance the clarity of scenario execution by defining outputs at the scenario level, and returning structured data in real time.
Custom scenario properties Add metadata to organize, filter, and search for scenarios with custom properties.
Custom functions Create and execute custom JavaScript functions in your scenarios.
Create and share scenario templates Create and share workflow templates scalable across business functions and user groups.
Integrations
3,000+ standard apps
Custom apps Create your own custom apps and share with users in your organization.
Access to enterprise apps Build powerful workflows which integrate exclusive enterprise-grade applications.
On-prem agent Securely access local networks and use core business apps like SAP in your automations.
Access to 300+ Make API endpoints (rate call limit/minute) Integrate with 300+ public API endpoints of Make's platform for high-scale automation.
60
120
240
1000
Workflow execution
Maximum number of active scenarios Maximum number of scenarios that can be active and running at one time.
2
unlimited
Minimum interval between scheduled scenarios Minimum time (in minutes) between scheduled scenario executions.
15
1
Maximum scenario execution time (minutes) Maximum run time of a single scenario execution.
5
40
Parallel scenario execution Process multiple items simultaneously for even faster automations.
Priority scenario execution Execute your scenarios during peak usage times to minimize queuing time.
High
Priority
Maximum file size (MB) Maximum size of file that you can automate and process.
5
100
250
500
1000
Subscenarios Seamlessly chain scenarios together for complex workflows.
Data transfer Your allowed usage scales proportionally: 5 GB of data transfers per 10,000 monthly credits.
512MB
5GB
Relation trees Visualize and analyze linked scenarios in a structured view.
Real-time execution monitoring Visually monitor, isolate, and troubleshoot workflow executions immediately in real time.
Full-text execution log search Quickly search for, identify, and troubleshoot items in your scenario execution history.
Execution log storage (days) Number of days that detailed execution logs are available.
7
30
60
Dynamic connections Select a dynamic connection at runtime instead of during design for more flexibility.
Governance and Observability
Unlimited users Share access with users in your organization to collaborate on workflows.
Make Grid Gain a holistic view of your AI and automation landscape, gather insights and build with confidence.
Credits usage flexibility with yearly billing Prepay for annual credits that only expire after 12 months instead of each month.
Teams and team roles Manage unlimited team permissions for scenario apps, templates, and connections.
Analytics Dashboard Get insight into how workflows are utilized and perform over time.
Audit logs Log of defined user actions performed within Make.
Credits overage protection Get uninterrupted scenario execution once credits limit is reached.
Support
Customer support The level of personalized support available to you depends on your selected plan.
90-day expert access to get started
Technical support from our expert team
High-priority guidance from dedicated consultants
24/7 top-priority assistance from senior specialists
Access to the Value Engineering Team Get expert onboarding and strategic guidance.
Information security compliance support Ensure compliance with detailed reviews by our information security team.
Security
Two-factor authentication Add a second layer of security to verify your identity.
Two-factor authentication enforcement Mandate organization-wide security by enforcing two-factor authentication for all users.
Company single sign-on (SSO) Control access to Make by connecting your own OAuth2 or SAML2 compliant identity provider.
Domain claim Enforce secure SSO login for Enterprise users under your claimed domain.
Hosting The location where we host the infrastructure that Make runs on.
AWS (EU/North America)
Get started
Talk to sales
Frequently asked questions
What are credits?
What is a scenario?
What are credits and how many do I need?
What happens if I run out of credits?
What are the available payment methods for Make?
What is Usage Allowance?
What happens with unused credits at the end of the term?
Do extra credits in Make have an expiration date?
What forms of payment do you accept?
Do you offer any discounts?
What is the difference between Enterprise Apps, Custom Apps, 300+ REST API Endpoints, and Standard Apps?
How does downgrading to a lower plan affect my scenarios?
What happens if I cancel?
Visit help center
