Maia by Make: Build automation and AI agents via natural conversation. Explore now
Plans that grow with you
Whether you're new to automation or using it to run your entire business, there's a plan for you.
No time limit on the Free plan
Scale as you grow
Advanced tools and integrations at every level
Easy setup and app connection
How many credits per month?
Each module action in your scenario, like adding a Google Sheet row or fetching Gmail account data, counts as one credit. Please refer to our FAQ for more information.
10,000 credits/mo
10k
20k
40k
80k
150k
300k
500k
750k
1M
1.5M
2M
2.5M
3M
4M
5M
6M
7M
8M
8M+
Save 15% or more
Pay monthly
Pay annually
Pay monthly
Pay annually
How many credits per month?
Each module action in your scenario, like adding a Google Sheet row or fetching Gmail account data, counts as one credit. Please refer to our FAQ for more information.
10k credits/mo
Free
$
0
/mo
Up to 1,000 credits/mo
Get started
For those looking to experience our visual-first interface and create the first scenario
Free includes:
1,000 credits/month
No-code visual workflow builder
3000+ apps
Routers & filters
Customer support
15-minute minimum interval between runs
Core
$
12
/mo
Price for 10k credits/mo
Get started
For those with fundamental AI and automation needs
Everything in Free, plus:
Unlimited active scenarios
More control with scheduled scenarios, down to the minute
Increased data transfer limits
Access to the Make API
Recommended
Pro
$
21
/mo
Price for 10k credits/mo
Get started
For those seeking advanced AI and automation features and high-performance execution
Everything in Core, plus:
Priority scenario execution
Custom variables
Full-text execution log search
Teams
$
38
/mo
Price for 10k credits/mo
Get started
For teams streamlining AI and automation efforts together
Everything in Pro, plus:
Teams and team roles
Create and share scenario templates
Enterprise
Custom pricing
Let's grow your business together
Talk to sales
For organizations needing powerful, scalable, and secure AI and automation solutions
Everything in Teams, plus:
Custom functions support
Enterprise app integrations
24/7 Enterprise support
Access to Value Engineering team
Overage protection
Advanced security features
Choose the perfect plan for your needs
Free
Core
Pro
Teams
Enterprise
For those looking to experience our visual-first interface and create the first scenario
For those with fundamental AI and automation needs
For those seeking advanced AI and automation features and high-performance execution
For teams streamlining AI and automation efforts together
For organizations needing powerful, scalable, and secure AI and automation solutions
Make + AI
Maia by Make Build automations and AI agents through natural conversation
AI applications Connect 350+ AI apps in Make’s ecosystem to make workflows intelligent and automate decisions.
MCP server Connect your AI to your Make scenarios from anywhere with Make MCP Server.
AI Content Extractor Extract structured text and metadata from files directly within your Make scenarios.
AI Web Search (beta) Bring live web data into your automations with built-in AI search and structured outputs.
Make AI Agents (beta) Build and manage AI Agents in Make with our AI Provider (all plans) or your own LLM key
Make AI Toolkit Streamline workflows with built-in AI tools using Make’s AI Provider (all plans) or your own LLM key
Workflow essentials
Make Code App Run custom JavaScript or Python in Make to add advanced logic, transform data, and power AI-driven workflows.
2 credits per 1 sec of code execution time
2 credits per 1 sec of code execution time. Extended resources
No-code workflow builder Design, build, and automate with a visual drag-and-drop interface.
System variables Use detailed info on your scenarios, executions, teams, and organization in your workflows.
Custom variables Edit and manage your data across multiple scenarios at once.
Scenario inputs Run complex scenarios simply by filling in inputs that are marked as required.
Scenario Outputs Enhance the clarity of scenario execution by defining outputs at the scenario level, and returning structured data in real time.
Custom scenario properties Add metadata to organize, filter, and search for scenarios with custom properties.
Custom functions Create and execute custom JavaScript functions in your scenarios.
Create and share scenario templates Create and share workflow templates scalable across business functions and user groups.
Integrations
3,000+ standard apps
Custom apps Create your own custom apps and share with users in your organization.
Access to enterprise apps Build powerful workflows which integrate exclusive enterprise-grade applications.
On-prem agent Securely access local networks and use core business apps like SAP in your automations.
Access to 300+ Make API endpoints (rate call limit/minute) Integrate with 300+ public API endpoints of Make's platform for high-scale automation.
60
120
240
1000
Workflow execution
Maximum number of active scenarios Maximum number of scenarios that can be active and running at one time.
2
unlimited
Minimum interval between scheduled scenarios Minimum time (in minutes) between scheduled scenario executions.
15
1
Maximum scenario execution time (minutes) Maximum run time of a single scenario execution.
5
40
Parallel scenario execution Process multiple items simultaneously for even faster automations.
Priority scenario execution Execute your scenarios during peak usage times to minimize queuing time.
High
Priority
Maximum file size (MB) Maximum size of file that you can automate and process.
5
100
250
500
1000
Subscenarios Seamlessly chain scenarios together for complex workflows.
Data transfer Your allowed usage scales proportionally: 5 GB of data transfers per 10,000 monthly credits.
512MB
5GB
Real-time execution monitoring Visually monitor, isolate, and troubleshoot workflow executions immediately in real time.
Full-text execution log search Quickly search for, identify, and troubleshoot items in your scenario execution history.
Execution log storage (days) Number of days that detailed execution logs are available.
7
30
60
Dynamic connections Select a dynamic connection at runtime instead of during design for more flexibility.
Governance and Observability
Unlimited users Share access with users in your organization to collaborate on workflows.
Make Grid Gain a holistic view of your AI and automation landscape, gather insights and build with confidence.
Private Spaces Each person on your team gets their own private space to build (all plans); admins get read-only mode to view scenario names, modules used, and credit usage (Enterprise plan).
Credits usage flexibility with yearly billing Prepay for annual credits that only expire after 12 months instead of each month.
Teams and team roles Manage unlimited team permissions for scenario apps, templates, and connections.
Custom Roles Create organization and team roles with tailored permissions your users need.
Analytics Dashboard Get insight into how workflows are utilized and perform over time.
Audit logs Log of defined user actions performed within Make.
Credits overage protection Get uninterrupted scenario execution once credits limit is reached.
Support
Customer support The level of personalized support available to you depends on your selected plan.
90-day expert access to get started
Technical support from our expert team
High-priority guidance from dedicated consultants
24/7 top-priority assistance from senior specialists
Access to the Value Engineering Team Get expert onboarding and strategic guidance.
Information security compliance support Ensure compliance with detailed reviews by our information security team.
Security
Two-factor authentication Add a second layer of security to verify your identity.
Two-factor authentication enforcement Mandate organization-wide security by enforcing two-factor authentication for all users.
Company single sign-on (SSO) Control access to Make by connecting your own OAuth2 or SAML2 compliant identity provider.
Domain claim Enforce secure SSO login for Enterprise users under your claimed domain.
Hosting The location where we host the infrastructure that Make runs on.
AWS (EU/North America)
Get started
Talk to sales
Frequently asked questions
What are credits?
As of August 27, credits are the billing unit in Make. Each action your scenario performs consumes a certain number of credits - most actions consume 1 credit, while some advanced features leveraging Make's AI Provider may use more. Learn more
What is a scenario?
A scenario is an automated workflow that you build using Make. It defines how different apps communicate and work together in ways they wouldn't normally be able to. Typically, a scenario processes data—it triggers when it receives data from one app (for example, when you add a new row to a Google Sheet), transforms the data however you need, and then sends the data to another app (for example, Airtable).
What are credits and how many do I need?
Every time a module in a scenario performs an action, it consumes credits. For example, when your scenario reads a record from Pipedrive, writes a row into a Google Sheet, or posts a tweet, each counts as one credit.
More examples that count as credits:
read data from an app or webhook
search for data in an app
create data in an app
update data in an app
delete data from an app
transform data using the built-in tools
aggregate a row of data into an array or text
iterate a row of data
Depending on the complexity of the process you’re automating, your scenario can perform anywhere from two credits to thousands of credits in a single run.
Don’t worry about using up all your credits before the end of the month or year. You can always buy extra credits or upgrade to a higher tier plan.
Note: There are a few exceptions of modules when Make doesn’t count the credits:
Error handler modules (Rollback, Break, Resume, Commit, Ignore) - no credits counted
Router module - no credits counted
What happens if I run out of credits?
Your scenarios won't continue to run, until credits are added again. But don't worry, we will let you know per notification as soon as you are approaching 75% and again at 90% of your purchased credits. Additionally, incoming webhooks will be queued up to the amount of webhook queue storage you have available and will then be processed once your scenarios resume with added credits. Scenarios that poll for data will also search for records since the last time they ran successfully. There are seve
What are the available payment methods for Make?
Make supports a range of cards, wallets and flexible payment options. Read more
.
What is Usage Allowance?
Usage allowance is proportional to the number of credits that you purchase. For every 10,000 credits, you receive a set amount of the parameters detailed below.
Usage allowance
Entitlement per 10k operations licensed per month:
Data transfer 5 GB
Data storage 10 MB
Incomplete executions store 10 MB (2 GB maximum)
Webhook queue size 667 (10,000 maximum)
For example, if you license 150,000 credits per month, you are entitled to:
75 GB of data transfer
150 MB of incomplete execution storage
150 MB of data storage
10,000 webhooks in the queue
Usage allowance calculation does not relate to the number of data stores. You can use up to 1,000 data stores per single organization, regardless of your plan. Note that the minimum size of one data store is 1 MB.
We calculate data storage based on the number of your credits. For every 1000 credits, you get 1 MB of data storage, which equals 1 data store.
If you are on the Free plan, you have 1000 credits per month, which equals 1 MB of data storage and 1 data store.
What happens with unused credits at the end of the term?
Credits expire at the end of the term.
Do extra credits in Make have an expiration date?
Extra credits are treated exactly the same as pre-purchased credits and expire after one month (for monthly subscription) or at the end of one year (for annual subscription in Pro and Teams plan).
What forms of payment do you accept?
For the Core, Pro, and Teams plans, we accept all major credit cards, ACH direct debit and Google Pay. For enterprise customers, we also accept wire transfer after invoice.
Do you offer any discounts?
Yes, prices are cheaper with the annual payment in advance compared to monthly payments. We’re also proud to support non-profit organizations that make a difference around the world. If you are an NGO or NPO, please contact us
for more details.
What is the difference between Enterprise Apps, Custom Apps, 300+ REST API Endpoints, and Standard Apps?
Enterprise Apps include complex applications used by some of the world’s biggest enterprises. Such applications include Workday (finance related modules), Coupa, ServiceNow, Greenhouse, and Infor M3. More enterprise apps are coming in the future. The possibility of Custom Apps allows you to connect Make to virtually any application or service that provides a public API and use that app in your scenarios. 3. You can manage and automate your usage of the Make platform itself using more than 300 RE
How does downgrading to a lower plan affect my scenarios?
If you choose to downgrade, any active scenarios using features of higher plans will be stopped. You will be notified before completing the downgrade.
Additionally, when you downgrade your credit card will get charged immediately and you will be set to a new subscription. The date when you make a downgrade determines your new billing cycle i.e for a monthly subscription your next charge is in a month and for an annual subscription your next charge is in a year. Lastly, when you make a downgrade we will transfer all your unused credits to the new subscription. These transferred extra credits are valid for the next month or year for monthly or a
What happens if I cancel?
You can cancel at any time you wish. If you cancel your subscription to Make, your paid plan will run until the end of that month's billing cycle or the end of the annual plan term. At that time, the organization will automatically be switched to the Free plan, assuming that your owning user isn't already the owner of another organization with a free plan. If your owning user is the owner of another organization with a free plan, your subscription will be entirely removed and it will not be poss
Visit help center
