Pricing
Free & Starter
Single-member plans for personal projects, prototypes, or getting started.
Free or $0 / month and pay as you go
Start for free
Highlighted features:
Single member seat
Global edge network
Live site previews with collaboration UI
100GB bandwidth
300 build minutes
Instant rollbacks
Secrets controller
Static assets
Dynamic serverless functions
Add-ons for Starter:
Additional bandwidth
Additional build minutes
Additional function invocation
Analytics
Pro
Team collaboration for professional web projects.
$19 per member / month
Buy now
Everything in Starter, plus:
Background functions
Password-protected sites
1TB bandwidth
25,000 build minutes
Team audit logs with 7-day history
Shared environment variables
Support for organization-owned private Git repos
Slack & email notifications
Email support
Add-ons:
Additional member seats
Additional bandwidth
Additional build minutes
Additional function invocation
Analytics
Enterprise
Control, compliance, and support for large scale organizations
Custom
Contact Sales
Everything in Pro, plus:
Secrets controller
Security features
Org-level SSO and SCIM
Organization management
Custom billing
New sites from org-wide themes and components
See full feature comparison
Fast, dynamic web experiences powered by the Netlify platform
Netlify Feature List
Features on Pro
View a plan
Free & Starter
Pro
Enterprise
Jump to a topic
Scale as you grow
Build sites faster
Deploy & host instantly
Develop locally
Collaborate across larger teams
Manage users & teams more securely
Security & Compliance
Get support
Free & Starter Free with fixed limits, or $0 / month and pay as you go Start for free
Pro $19/month per member Buy now
Enterprise Custom pricing Contact Sales
Scale as you grow
Members
Trigger deploys on Netlify or log into the Netlify platform UI. Sites connected to public repos will not have membership requirements for deploys.
Limited to 1 free member, with free & unlimited Git Contributors
$19 /month per member,
including active Git Contributors
Custom
Reviewers
Provide feedback with collaborative Deploy Previews.
Unlimited
Concurrent builds
Run more than one build at the same time so that new commits to a project are built even if existing builds aren’t yet finished.
1
3
(then $40 each)
Custom
Bandwidth
100GB /month
(Starter only: then $55 per 100GB)
1TB /month
(then $55 per 100GB)
Custom
Build minutes
The time it takes Netlify to build your site — to run site generators, compile JavaScript, and perform other tasks.
300 minutes /month
(Starter only: then $7 per 500)
25k minutes /month
(then $7 per 500)
Custom
Websites
The number of your websites that Netlify will support with a single workflow for hosting, continuous integration, and deployment pipeline.
500 sites
Custom
Serverless functions Invocations
Deploy serverless functions directly within Netlify. They’re version-controlled, built, and deployed along with the rest of your Netlify site.
125k per site /month
(Starter only: $25+ when exceeded)
125k per site /month
($25+ when exceeded)
Custom
Edge Functions Invocations
Run JavaScript in a dedicated runtime in the Netlify Edge.
1M /month
(Starter only: $2/m when exceeded)
2M /month
($2/m when exceeded)
Custom
Forms Submissions
Add a simple attribute to any HTML form to start receiving submissions in your Netlify site admin panel, without JavaScript or any backend coding.
100 per site /month
(Starter only: $19+ when exceeded)
100 per site /month
($19+ when exceeded)
Custom
Site Analytics
Data captured directly from our servers, presented simply and beautifully.
$9 per site /month
(Available for Starter only)
$9 per site /month
Custom
Real User Metrics
Understand site performance based on user-centric Web Vitals that rely on real user interactions with your production site.
7-day history
Custom
Log Drains
Export site traffic, function, and edge function logs from Netlify’s CDN to third-party monitoring services for analysis, alerting, and data persistence.
Unlimited
Fortified bandwidth Advanced web security + Dedicated network
Enhanced performance and comprehensive security with Rate Limiting, Traffic Rules, DDoS protection and Managed Rulesets
(Add-on)
Build sites faster
Visual editor
Autonomously perform content and website updates faster than ever before with an intuitive visual editor
One-click rollbacks
Instantly roll back your production environment to a previous version of your site.
Extensions
Add powerful capabilities to every build. Click to install from a catalog of community extensions or create your own.
Preview Servers
Cloud-hosted development environment for instant changes without rebuilds.
1
(Starter only: then $15 each)
1
(then $15 each)
Custom
Scope environment variables per deploy context
Customize environment variables for different deploy contexts, i.e. staging vs. production.
Scope environment variables per feature
Limit where environment variables can be used, such as builds, functions, or post processing.
Shared environment variables
Set team-level variables that are shared by all sites owned by the team. These can be overridden by settings at the site level.
Lighthouse scores on deploys list
Easily compare Lighthouse scores for each deploy on the deploys list in the Netlify UI.
Custom deployment options for functions
Increase execution limits, increase memory, or set a custom AWS region.
Background Functions
Execute long-running asynchronous functions for up to 15 minutes.
Slack & email deploy notifications
Notify a Slack channel or send an email when a deploy succeeds, fails, or hits other milestones. This is in addition to webhook, Zapier, & Git notifications available on all plans.
Priority build environment
5x faster processing power (10vCPUs), 6x more memory (36GB), and 4x higher concurrency than the standard build environment.
Deploy & host instantly
Global edge deployments
Globally distributed CDN designed for fast, low latency Jamstack sites and web apps.
Instant cache invalidation
Once a build is uploaded for your website or web app, the changes in the build are instantly pushed to our global CDN and go live immediately.
Visitor access control
Set granular access to your site, or to specific pages. We use JSON Web Tokens (JWT), roles, and redirect rules to grant access to those sections. And it all happens at the CDN level.
99.99% uptime SLA
Develop locally
Netlify CLI & dev server
Deploy sites and configure continuous deployment from the command line on your local machine.
Live share your dev environment
Share your development server to a live URL over HTTPS.
Collaborate across larger teams
Netlify SDK
Improve developer productivity with streamlined integrations, gain the flexibility you need to build a composable architecture that scales, and accelerate your time-to-market.
Branch and pull request previews
Deploy a live preview of your site, enable reviewers to leave high-quality, visual feedback, and sync feedback to the pull request and productivity tools.
Team management
Set up teams of Netlify users to collaborate on specific sites. Each Netlify user can be a member of multiple teams.
Two-factor authentication (2FA)
Use one time passwords from your favorite authentication apps to secure access to your Netlify account.
Netlify access control
Set roles and permissions for every member of your team, what sites they can access and what they can do.
Multiple owners
Give more people the ability to add team members, set user permissions, transfer sites, and more.
Audit logs
A log of Netlify actions made by members of your team so you can keep track of what changes were made, when, and by whom.
7-day history
Full history
Deploy retention policy
Preserve deploys older than 90 days for reference or one-click rollbacks.
Retention policies up to 365 days
SAML single sign-on
Integrate your existing SSO provider to authenticate users to the Netlify UI.
Billing Admin role
Manage users & teams more securely
Org-level SSO
Enable SAML to be implemented only once across all teams.
(Add-on)
SCIM
Empower Netlify admins to automatically provision access and assign permissions in buckets in a secure environment.
(Add-on)
Site-level access control
Provision custom permission settings for each user.
(Add-on)
Self-serve team creation
Provide complete autonomy for creating, deleting, editing, and managing teams.
(Add-on)
Security & Compliance
Functions log retention
Logs to help you observe and troubleshoot serverless functions.
24-hour history
7-day history
Full history
Edge Functions log retention
Logs to help you observe and troubleshoot edge functions.
24-hour history
7-day history
Secrets controller
Environment variable values can be marked as secret, applying a strict access policy to them and enabling sophisticated secrets scanning of code and build output.
Support for organization-owned private repositories
Connect Netlify to your private GitHub repositories owned by organization accounts.
Password-protected websites
Site-wide protection, where only visitors with a valid password have access.
Basic authentication headers
Use custom HTTP headers to password protect paths of your site or specific branch previews.
Web application firewall
Shield your applications from malicious traffic with an intelligent WAF managed by Netlify that automatically blocks common attack patterns, SQL injections, and zero-day vulnerabilities.
Rate limiting
Maintain control over your traffic with customizable rate limiting rules that automatically detect and manage excessive requests, ensuring reliable performance and protection against denial of service attempts.
HIPAA
Ensure data security, privacy and regulatory adherence with Netlify's HIPAA compliant service offering.
(Add-on)
SOC 2
Deploy with confidence on Netlify's SOC 2 certified platform, providing independently audited security controls for your build processes, deployments, and hosting infrastructure.
Security scorecard
Improve your team’s security and reduce your vulnerabilities with actionable insights on using Netlify and applying security best practices.
Support for GitHub Enterprise Server or self-managed GitLab and Bitbucket
Connect Netlify to your publicly accessible repositories in GitHub Enterprise Server or self-managed GitLab, or connect to private repositories in Bitbucket Data Center and Server.
Password-protected private deploys
Non-production deploy password protection (including deploy previews and branch deploys), where only visitors with a valid password have access.
Team login-protected sites and deploys
Site-wide or non-production deploy protection, where only visitors within your Netlify team have access (including SSO authentication).
Private connectivity
Ensure secure network connectivity while accessing Netlify’s full suite of features
(Add-on)
Get support
Community forum
Get questions answered quickly from our Netlify-staffed and community-supported forum and knowledge base.
Email technical support
Get help directly from the Netlify team.
24×7×365 support with SLA
Production support, with anytime access to the Netlify support engineers who can help resolve issues and answer questions quickly.
Upgrade to Pro
More bandwidth
Background Functions
Password-protected sites
Slack & email notifications
$19 per member /month
Upgrade to Pro
FAQ
What happens when a Free site reaches its limits?
When a site reaches its monthly usage limits, it enters a suspended state until the first of the next month. We’ll notify you by email as you approach your limits at 50%, 75%, 90%, and 100% of usage. Please note that if one site exceeds its limits, all sites on your Free account will be suspended.
You can re-enable your sites at any time by upgrading your plan. Your sites will automatically resume normal operation after upgrading.
How does team membership affect billing?
The team Owner is billed based on the number of active members, your team plan’s member limit, and your team’s usage. Teams will not be charged for Reviewers.
Netlify will send a notification email to Team Owners when teams approach the member limit for their current team plan.
Your team will be charged for Git Contributors if you are on a Netlify Pro or Netlify Enterprise plan.
Visit our documentation on deploy permissions
for more information.
How does billing work for metered features and extra usage packages?
Metered features are priced based on your usage. When a site’s usage of a metered feature reaches the limit of the current level, it triggers an automatic upgrade to the next level, or purchase of an extra usage package.
With metered features, some usage thresholds trigger an automatic upgrade to the next level, and others trigger purchase of an extra usage package.
Extra usage packages increase your allowance for all metered features in the package — including ones that are still below their limit.
For more information on usage, visit our Billing docs
.
Can I pay for my Pro plan annually?
No, only Netlify Enterprise plans come with an annual payment option.
Can I pay with PayPal, wire transfer, crypto, or any method other than credit card?
Netlify only accepts credit cards unless you have a Netlify Enterprise plan, in which case we do accept payment via ACH or wire transfer.
Can I set a limit of metered features and have it shut off when the limit is reached?
While you can’t set custom usage caps, Free plan sites automatically pause if they exceed monthly limits, ensuring you never receive unexpected charges. We’ll send email notifications at 50%, 75%, 90%, and 100% of your usage to help you track consumption.
If I choose to downgrade from one Netlify plan to another, how and when does the downgrade go into effect?
When making a downgrade from one Netlify plan to another, the downgrade goes into effect immediately and will be reflected in your next billing cycle.
