Pricing
CODY
Free
Best for hobbyists or light usage $ 0
No credit card needed
Sign up for free
SEE DETAILS
Pro
Best for professional developers and small teams $ 9 per user/month
Sign up for Cody Pro
SEE DETAILS
Enterprise
Best for large teams and enterprises $ 19 per user/month
Contact sales
SEE DETAILS
Better together
Unlock the full power of our Code Intelligence Platform
View platform bundle details
Frequently asked questions
Got a question you don’t see here? Contact us.
What’s the difference between the Cody Free, Pro, and Enterprise plans?
Cody Free and Cody Pro are both offered as standalone products.
Cody Free is best for individuals working on hobby projects or professional devs trying out AI coding assistants. Usage limits apply.
Cody Pro is best for professional developers who want unlimited usage and context for larger codebases.
Cody Enterprise is for organizations needing security, scalability, and control. It is coming soon for everyone, but is currently available for existing Code Search customers ( Contact us
if you'd like to learn more).
How are autocompletions counted for the Cody Free plan?
Cody autocompletions are counted based on the number of suggestions that are served to the user in their IDE as ghost text. This includes all suggestions whether or not they are accepted by the user.
How does Cody’s context and personalization work?
Cody can retrieve codebase context to personalize responses in a number of ways. One way is with embeddings, which are generated for local user repositories. Cody Free users can create embeddings for up to 200MB of code and Cody Pro users can create embeddings for up to 1GB of code.
Cody Enterprise uses Sourcegraph search to retrieve context. This method lets Cody pull context from a team's full codebase at any scale.
What forms of support are available for paid Cody plans?
Email and web portal support is available to both Cody Pro and Cody Enterprise customers, and you can read more about our SLAs
Premium support with enhanced SLAs is also available as an add-on for Cody Enterprise customers.
How can I pay for Cody Pro?
Cody Pro is billed on a monthly basis and can be paid with a credit card.
How can I upgrade or downgrade my plan?
Users can upgrade or downgrade between Cody Free and Cody Pro within their account settings at any time. To upgrade to Cody Enterprise, please contact our Sales team.
What’s the difference between “flexible LLM options,” “bring your own LLM key,” and “bring your own LLM”?
Flexible LLM options: Users can select from multiple options to use for Cody chat.
Bring your own LLM key: Enterprise customers can optionally provide their own LLM API key for supported LLMs (including for LLM services such as Azure OpenAI and Amazon Bedrock). In this scenario, customers pay for their own LLM consumption and we provide a pricing discount for Cody.
Bring your own LLM: This is a future feature that will allow customers to bring their own LLM models outside of the ones that Cody supports by default.
Does Cody use my code to improve the models used by other people?
For Enterprise customers, Sourcegraph will not train on your company’s data. For Free and Pro tier users, Sourcegraph will not train on your data without your permission.
Can Cody be run self-hosted?
Cody requires Cloud-based services to power its AI features. For customers looking for a fully self-hosted or air-gapped solution, please Contact us
.
Is an annual contract required for any of the plans?
Cody Enterprise requires an annual contract. Cody Pro is paid on a monthly basis.
