UX Design & Webflow Agency NYC | Composite Global
Amp pricing
Choose the best plan below
Amp
Best for individuals
Sign up
Includes
$10 in free credits for most users
At-cost pricing
Docs and Discord + Limited support
Optional opt-in training on data
Email and Google Auth
Amp Teams
For small dev teams
Sign up
Includes
At-cost pricing
Docs and Discord + Limited support
Email and Google Auth
Plus
No training on data
Team billing
Amp Enterprise*
For large dev teams
Talk to Sales
Includes
Volume-based discounts
Enterprise grade support
Plus
Single Sign-on
No training on data
Team billing
Zero LLM retention
* 1k minimum credit spend
Amp Free
Individual devs and some teams may prefer to use the new free mode in Amp, which is supported by ads. Learn more about it here
.
Sign up
Code Search pricing
Choose the best plan below
Enterprise Starter
Search experience for growing organizations hosted on our cloud
$ 19
per user, monthly
Up to 50 devs
Create team
Code Search Features
Code Search
Symbol Search
Deployment
Multi-tenant cloud
Private workspace
Privately indexed code
Compatibility
All popular coding languages
GitHub remote codebase context only
Support
9x5 Support
Enterprise Search
Code search with enterprise-level security, scalability, and flexibility
$49
per user, monthy
Contact sales
Code Search Features
Deep Search*
Code Search
Symbol Search
Batch Changes
Code Insights
Code Navigation
Code Monitoring
Deployment
Single-tenant cloud
Compatibility
All popular coding languages
Enterprise admin and security features
Remote codebase context (all code hosts)
Support
24x5 support
Options:
Customer Success Manager (CSM) Support
Premium Support Offerings
Frequently asked questions (FAQs)
Got a question you don’t see here? Contact us.
What is Amp?
Amp is an agentic coding tool engineered to maximize what’s possible with today’s frontier models - autonomous reasoning, comprehensive code editing, and complex task execution. Learn more
.
What’s the difference between Amp, Amp Teams, and Amp Enterprise?
Amp is for individual developers working on solo or hobby projects. Amp Teams is for small teams who want to view and share threads, and prefer a single billing option for users. Amp Enterprise offers single sign-on, with the option to unlock volume discounts and enterprise-grade support via Enterprise Premium. Learn more.
How is pricing calculated for Amp?
Amp uses prepaid credits. You’ll never be charged more than you prepay - unless you turn on auto-reload. Usage is consumed based on LLM usage and usage of certain other tools (like web search) that cost us to serve. We pass these costs through to you directly with no markup, for individuals and non-enterprise teams.
For Enterprise, usage is 50% more expensive than individual and Team usage, and includes SSO (Okta, SAML, etc.). Learn more about Enterprise pricing.
How do I get access to Amp Enterprise?
To start using Amp Enterprise, sign up for Amp and go to your team
and click “Change Plan” in the top right corner. This requires a special one-time $1,000 USD purchase, which grants your team $1,000 USD of Amp Enterprise usage and upgrades your team to Enterprise. Learn more here
.
What’s the difference between Enterprise Starter and Enterprise search plans?
Enterprise Starter is for growing organizations who want Sourcegraph’s search experience hosted on our cloud. Enterprise is for organizations who want comprehensive search and batch changes across the SDLC with enterprise-level security, scalability, and flexible deployment.
Which code hosts is the Enterprise Starter plan compatible with?
The Enterprise Starter plan is currently compatible with GitHub, with a limit of indexing up to 100 repositories for search and context.
What are the limits of the Enterprise Starter plan?
The Enterprise Starter plan supports up to 50 developers, and alongside a limit of 100 repositories for search and context, also includes 5Gb of storage. Adding additional seats gives you 1GB of additional storage per seat, for a maximum total of 10GB.
Accelerating how software is built
Product
Amp
Code Search
Batch Changes
Pricing
Resources
Documentation
Resource Library
Blog
Changelog
Case Studies
Community
Company
About
Careers
Contact
Handbook
Brand Guide
© 2025 Sourcegraph, Inc.
System status
Terms of service
Privacy policy
