Introducing Honeycomb for Log Analytics & Telemetry Pipeline - get more value from your logs! Learn more
Make your costs predictable
without sacrificing visibility
Make your costs predictable
without sacrificing visibility
Make your costs predictable
without sacrificing visibility
start for free
Use Free features forever or upgrade to Pro at any time
book a demo
Get a live demo from our experts and find the best fit
Best for testing and small projects
Free
Top Features
Free forever
Start for free
2 Triggers
Distributed Tracing
BubbleUp
OpenTelemetry Support
Team Query History
Query Result Permalinks
Honeycomb Metrics
Query Assistant
Event
Volume: 20M per month
Best for teams with production applications
Pro
Top Features
Starts at $130
Upgrade to pro
Sign in to upgrade
All Features From the Free Plan
100 Triggers
2 Service Level Objectives (SLOs)
Single-Sign On (SSO)
Honeycomb Support
Monthly or Annual Subscription
Event
Volume: 100M, 450M, or 1.5B per month
Best for company-wide + large-scale applications
Enterprise
Top Features
Request a trial
All Features From the Pro Plan
Starts With 300 Triggers
Starts With 100 SLOs
Service Map
Enterprise Support for Refinery
Enterprise-Grade Support + Onboarding
Query Data API
AWS PrivateLink
SLO Reporting API
Event
Volume: Scales to Size of Business
detailed pricing chart
Free
Pro
Enterprise
Free
Pro
Enterprise
Number of Users
Unlimited
Number of Services
Unlimited
Data Storage Limit
Unlimited
Data Retention
60-day
60-day (extensions available)
Event
Volume Limit
20 million events per month
100 million, 450 million, or 1.5 billion events per month
Scales to any size of business
Honeycomb for Frontend Observability
Available as add-on
Honeycomb Telemetry Pipeline
Available as add-on
Pricing
$0 per month
Starts at $130 / month or $1,300 / year
Contact us
Subscription Period
Monthly
Monthly or Annually
Annually
Distributed Tracing
Triggers
2
100
300
BubbleUp
Team Query History
Activity Logs
Query Result Permalinks
Slack Integration For Queries + Traces
OpenTelemetry Support
Agents, SDKs, Other Integrations
Honeycomb Metrics
Single-Sign On
Service-Level Objectives (SLOs)
2
100
Service Map
Refinery Dynamic Sampling
Enterprise support
AWS PrivateLink
Technical Support
Community support (Pollinators Slack)
Honeycomb Support Response Times
N/A
Next business day
Two business hours
Customer Success Team
Onboarding Accelerator Packages
Available
Frequently asked questions
Events
What is an event?
In Honeycomb, an event is a single trace span, structured log, or metric label combination that you send as OTLP or JSON to our API. This data can capture anything in your system that’s worth tracking, including all context fields that your application is instrumented to generate.
Each event can be up to 100KB, with up to 2000 attributes, and these attributes can have any number of values.
These events get analyzed in seconds whenever your team runs a query in Honeycomb.
Examples of a single event:
A span with multiple attributes:
// trace span
{ "Timestamp": "2018-08-20T22:29:59.978735688Z", "availability_zone": "us-east-1", "build_id": 3150, "customer_id": 1810, "duration_ms": 448, "endpoint": "/api/v2/tickets", "fraud_dur": 112, "hostname": "app24", "app.id": "6ee0d492cc3cbdc0", "is_error": false, "name": "/api/v2/tickets", "platform": "android", "service_name": "api", "status_code": 200, "trace.trace_id": "4be0d492cc3cbdc06ee0d492cc377dc0", "trace.span_id": adf691383eeb37368, "trace.parent_id": 097ace62b46dd221, "user_id": 483437 }
A narrow event with just a timestamp, host, and CPU metric:
// narrow event
{ "timestamp": "2022-06-05T14:44", "hostname": "a764", "system.cpu.time": 192877 }
A wide event that’s a structured log:
// wide event
{ "Timestamp": "2022-07-01T19:23:50Z", "cache_status": "HIT:, "client_ip_hash": "5c022873f02aac526c40013c12cd87c05745d82cd5dcebc74a0f307670f0b9f2", "content_type": "binary/octet-stream", "downloaded_gem_name": "log-output-apm_metrics", "downloaded_gem_version": "2.0.1", "geo_city": "ashburn", "geo_country_code": "US", "host": "rubygems.org", "is_h2": false, "is_ipv6": false, "is_tls": true, "log_resp_body_size": 3.9880235619286597, "log_time_elapsed": 3.141593230275788, "protocol": "HTTP/1.1", "
What is an event when it comes to trace data?
Traces are comprised of multiple spans. Each span in a trace is counted as one event by Honeycomb. Each SpanEvent and each Link (in OpenTelemetry
) count as one event.
How do I see how many events I’m currently sending to Honeycomb?
From the Honeycomb web UI, find the Usage page under Team Settings. This page shows your team’s event volume for the last 60 days. In the table at the bottom of the page, you’ll also find the number of events received per dataset.
When does the counter start on my monthly events limit?
Team event limits are based on calendar months, regardless of the selected plan or when the team signed up. For example, if you started using Honeycomb with a billing day on the 10th of each month, all of your capacity management logic is still pinned to calendar month. The counter resets on the 1st of each month, even if your billing date is on the 10th. We use 30.4 days as the denominator for calculating daily ingest targets for events (eg. 100M EPM / 30.4 days = daily target of 3.29M events).
What happens when I am over my monthly event limit?
We send you a notification to let you know you have exceeded your monthly event limit. The goal of the notification is to give you time to either adjust your instrumentation down or upgrade to a bigger plan. If you have a second consecutive overage month, we send a notification that we’ll begin throttling your events to bring you down to your monthly event limit. You have 10 days from that notification to take remediation action before throttling begins.
What happens if I unexpectedly have a spike in traffic?
We’ve added Burst Protection
as a new measure to help account for unexpected spikes in traffic. Burst Protection automatically activates when you exceed your daily event target by at least 2X. With Burst Protection, any events in excess of the daily event target will not be counted against your team’s EPM limit. As an example, let’s say your team has a daily event target of 10 million events. One day, you see a spike in traffic and you send 30 million events to Honeycomb. Burst Protection automatically activates and the exc
You receive a notification when Burst Protection is triggered. The effect of burst protection will also be visible on the Usage tab of your Team Settings page. While excess events under Burst Protection are not counted against your team’s EPM limits, they are considered successful events and they still appear in your per-dataset breakdown.
Are there limits on event size?
Event size limits are generous. Events are limited to 100kb size with a maximum of 2000 columns. Events over this size are rejected by Honeycomb with an error code in the API response. See our Events API documentation
for more information.For reference, all of the text displayed on this FAQ page (including the intro and table of contents) is approximately 9kb in size.
Data Retention
I backloaded some old data into Honeycomb to do analysis. How long will it be available?
Our data retention logic is based on time of ingest, so it will be there for 60 days from the date you sent it to Honeycomb (regardless of what’s on the timestamp of the events).
Is it possible to set my data retention period beyond 60 days for a dataset?
If you have an Enterprise plan, extended data retention is available on a per-month or per-yearly basis as an add-on. Pricing available upon request.
Enterprise Plans
What does Honeycomb have for Frontend teams?
Honeycomb for Frontend Observability is available for enterprise customers and comprises of a software development kit (SDK)
for OpenTelemetry’s browser instrumentation
and the Web Launchpad within Honeycomb.
Is Honeycomb for Frontend Observability the same as real user monitoring (RUM)?
Honeycomb for Frontend Observability removes the limitations of legacy RUM products through easy OpenTelemetry-based instrumentation and support for hundreds of custom attributes at no cost. It also collects useful performance data like Core Web Vitals with attribution automatically, so you can easily identify what’s hurting your metrics.
All frontend data remains unaggregated and is immediately accessible in powerful visualizations that can be drilled into to surface insights into customer and performance issues. For example, attribution data for Core Web Vitals is automatically captured, so you can easily identify what exactly is hurting your Largest Contentful Paint metric. End-to-end tracing data is made available alongside performance data, to simplify debugging workflows.
Why do Enterprise plans have EPY instead of EPM and how is that different?
Enterprise plans are annual subscriptions. Events Per Year (EPY) is a simple way to think about what is included for the duration of your plan. However, monthly targets for Enterprise plans are still calculated and set as EPM.
How do Enterprise plans allow me to grow EPY to fit my needs?
Enterprise plans start with a base allowance of 10 Billion Events Per Year. You can purchase additional capacity as needed with your annual subscription plan.
What are event-based volume discounts?
As your workload scales significantly, we offer volume discounts on additional EPY capacity to appropriately size an Enterprise plan that’s right for you.
Do you offer increased security or an on-premises option for Enterprise plans?
Our enterprise ready security features include SSO, AWS PrivateLink, a SOC 2 Type II report, encryption at rest and in transit, ability to sign a BAA, regular penetration testing by an independent security firm, a bug bounty program, and GDPR compliance. Read more here.
What is Honeycomb’s approach to security and compliance certifications?
Honeycomb is SOC 2 Type 2 certified and compliant.
Do you sign Data Processing Agreements (DPAs)?
For Enterprise plans or Pro plans on annual subscriptions, Honeycomb signs customer-provided DPAs. For Pro plans on monthly subscriptions, customers sign Honeycomb’s DPA.
Do you sign Business Associate Agreements (BAAs)?
Honeycomb can sign BAAs for customers. Honeycomb encrypts all data in transit and at rest, managed by AWS. We also offer AWS PrivateLink for clients that want to keep telemetry data within AWS and simplify configuration of outbound firewalls. Finally, we can offer guidance for preprocessing and normalizing data so that PHI/PII never leaves your infrastructure.
Detailed Pricing
What do each of the available plan options cost?
The table below outlines the various plans available, their EPM capacity, price, and discounts for annual purchase.
Plan
Up to Events per Month (EPM)
Cost per Month
Cost per Year
Free
20M
$0
Pro
100M
$130
$1,300
Pro
450M
$585
$5,850
Pro
1,500M
$1,950
$19,500
Enterprise
Variable
n/a
Book a demo
Do the prices listed include sales tax?
No, additional sales tax will be added to the monthly/annual bill in compliance with state guidelines and Honeycomb will remit them on your behalf to the appropriate entity. Please contact sales@honeycomb.io for more information.
What happens if I don’t reach my monthly event limit? Can I “roll over” the unused events?
Events are not cell phone minutes. Sorry, you can’t roll them over.
Further Questions
Have more questions that aren’t on this FAQ?
Contact us
What customers are saying
It’s really awesome how this solves the “it’s hard to predict how many GB I’ll send”,
“It’s hard to find out what’s sending too much”, “It’s hard to predict how much retention I’ll get”, problems in one fell swoop!
Matt Button
Engineering Team Lead, Geckoboard
These new plans look great. It makes so much sense.
Storage is cheap and network/compute is expensive. Counting events vs GB, you want users to stuff all the data into their events so they can get the most out of it.
Julian Simioni
Co-Founder, Geocode Earth
The best thing about the simplified pricing is that it reduces the number of volume metrics we had to think about from two (GB ingest per month and GB storage) to one measure (events per month).
Spencer Wilson
Senior Software Engineer, Optimizely
It’s really awesome how this solves the “it’s hard to predict how many GB I’ll send”,
“It’s hard to find out what’s sending too much”, “It’s hard to predict how much retention I’ll get”, problems in one fell swoop!
Matt Button
Engineering Team Lead, Geckoboard
These new plans look great. It makes so much sense.
Storage is cheap and network/compute is expensive. Counting events vs GB, you want users to stuff all the data into their events so they can get the most out of it.
Julian Simioni
Co-Founder, Geocode Earth
The best thing about the simplified pricing is that it reduces the number of volume metrics we had to think about from two (GB ingest per month and GB storage) to one measure (events per month).
Spencer Wilson
Senior Software Engineer, Optimizely
More questions? Get in touch with us!
BOOK A DEMO
SCHEDULE OFFICE HOURS
