Sign in
Sign up →
Plans and pricing
Pay for what you use
Only pay for the time your model is actively deploying, scaling up or down, or making predictions. Further calibrate autoscaling settings to save even more on compute resources.
Get started for free
Calculate your monthly compute
Compute costs
Start with $30 of free credit!
CPU only
$0.00058 /min
GPU
T4 (16 GiB), 4 vCPU, 16 GiB
$0.01052 /min
A10 (24 GiB), 4 vCPU, 16 GiB
$0.02012 /min
V100 (16 GiB), 8 vCPU, 61 GiB
$0.06120 /min
A100 (80 GiB), 12 vCPU, 144 GiB
$0.10240 / min
H100 (80 GiB)
Coming soon
View all compute options →
Pay-per-minute pricing
Calculate your monthly usage based on your model's anticipated uptime, autoscaling, and whether or not you plan to add a GPU.
Learn more about compute-based pricing →
Choose the plan that's right for you
Startup
$0 per month, just pay for compute
Included in Startup:
Unlimited models and versions
All Baseten features enabled
HIPAA and SOC II compliance
Up to 5 workspace users
Get started with $30 of credit
Pro
Get a custom quote
Everything in Startup plus:
Discounted model resources
Data privacy agreements
Dedicated engineering support
Unlimited workspace users
Talk to us!
Self-Hosted
Get a custom quote
Everything in Pro plus:
Self-hosted models on your cloud
Multi-stage proof of concept
Live engineering support
Talk to us!
Compare plans
Trusted by top engineering and machine learning teams
Commonly asked questions
What does Baseten do?
Baseten is the simplest way to put a model behind an API or webapp hosted on fully managed, scalable infrastructure.
What GPUs are available?
You have control over what GPUs your models use. We currently offer NVIDIA T4, A10, V100, and A100 GPUs available. Contact us to learn more or to request additional GPU types.
What is the latency?
Our servers are located on the U.S. west coast in AWS data centers. More regions are being added to reduce global latency.
How does billing work?
We bill for the time your model is active, by the minute. You have control over when each model is active, resource instance type, and autoscaling settings. After you use up your free credits, you’ll be asked to add a credit card to your account. At the end of each month, we’ll charge the card on file for your total usage throughout that month.
Can I run my models on my own infrastructure?
Yes. We offer on-premise deployments on our Enterprise plan. Contact us to learn more.
Is Baseten secure? Where are my models hosted?
Data and workloads are hosted in AWS. All user workloads are run in isolated environments. We have isolation at hardware & network levels.
Do you offer volume discounts?
Yes, we offer significant volume discounts on model resources. Reach out to us at hi@baseten.co to find out more.
Do you offer education and non-profit discounts?
Yes, we are happy to support ML efforts for education and non-profit organizations. Contact us at hi@baseten.co to learn more.
