We raised a $75m series C to build the future of inference
Pricing
The fastest, most scalable model inference in our cloud or yours
Basic Effortlessly deploy custom and open source models
Included in Basic:
Best-in-class autoscaling
Fast cold starts
Up to 5 replicas per model
Model observability & logging
SOC 2 Type II & HIPAA compliant
Email & in-app chat support
$0 per month, pay per minute of compute
Get started with $30 in credit
Pro Unlimited autoscaling and priority compute access
Everything in Basic plus:
Unlimited number of replicas per model
Volume discounts on compute
Bring your whole team
Priority access to high demand infrastructure including A100s and H100s
Dedicated support on Slack and Zoom
Get a custom quote
Enterprise Exceptional customizability and control
Everything in Pro plus:
Dedicated SLAs
Advanced security and compliance
Custom model management
Early roadmap previews
Custom regions
Get a custom quote
Trusted by top engineering and machine learning teams
The best hardware on the market
Only pay for the compute you use, down to the minute
Best-in-class model performance, effortless autoscaling, and blazing fast cold starts mean you get the most out of each GPU, saving money along the way.
Get started for free
Select an instance type
Volume discounts available
GPU instances
CPU instances
Price: per minute
T4x4x16
16 GiB VM, 4 vCPUs, 16 GiB
$0.01052
L4x4x16
24 GiB VRAM, 4 vCPUs, 16 GiB
$0.01414
A10Gx4x16
24 GiB VM, 4 vCPUs, 16 GiB
$0.02012
A100x12x144
80 GiB VRAM, 12 vCPUs, 144 GiB
$0.06667
H100x26x234
80 GiB VRAM, 26 vCPUs, 234 GiB
$0.10833
H100MIG:3x13x117
40 GiB VRAM, 13 vCPUs, 117 GiB
$0.06250
1x2
1 vCPU, 2GiB RAM
$0.00058
1x4
1 vCPU, 4GiB RAM
$0.00086
2x8
2 vCPUs, 8GiB RAM
$0.00173
4x16
4 vCPUs, 16GiB RAM
$0.00346
8x32
8 vCPUs, 32GiB RAM
$0.00691
16x64
16 vCPUs, 64GiB RAM
$0.01382
With Baseten, we gained a lot of control over our entire inference pipeline and worked with Baseten’s team to optimize each step.
You guys have literally enabled us to hit insane revenue numbers without ever thinking about GPUs and scaling. I know I ask for a lot so I just wanted to let you guys know that I am so blown away by everything Baseten.
Rime’s state-of-the-art p99 latency and 100% uptime is driven by our shared laser focus on fundamentals, and we’re excited to push the frontier even further with Baseten.
Baseten enabled us to achieve something remarkable—delivering real-time AI phone calls with sub-400 millisecond response times. That level of speed set us apart from every competitor.
A week ago we reached out with a hefty goal and within days your team helped us get set up and stable for a launch. It went smoothly, entirely thanks to you guys. 100% couldn’t have gone live without the software and hardware support you guys worked through the weekend to get us. The custom optimized Whisper on Baseten’s autoscaling L4 GPUs saved us.
Inference for custom-built LLMs could be a major headache. Thanks to Baseten, we’re getting cost-effective high-performance model serving without any extra burden on our internal engineering teams. Instead, we get to focus our expertise on creating the best possible domain-specific LLMs for our customers.
You guys have literally enabled us to hit insane revenue numbers without ever thinking about GPUs and scaling. We would be stuck in GPU AWS land without y'all. Truss files are amazing, y'all are on top of it always, and the product is well thought out. I know I ask for a lot so I just wanted to let you guys know that I am so blown away by everything Baseten.
Baseten gets the stuff we don't want to do out of the way. Now, our small, scrappy team can punch above our weight. It's everything from model serving, to auto-scaling, to iterating on products around those models, so we can deliver value to our customers and not worry about ML infrastructure.
Baseten provides an easy way for us to host our models, iterate on them, and experiment without worrying about any of the DevOps involved.
Baseten has allowed us to efficiently build an entirely new machine learning platform in just 4 months. By not needing to worry about managing our model infrastructure, Laurel has been able to drastically reduce our time to develop new predictive features and maintain more than double the number of models from our old platform.
Commonly asked questions
Which models can I run on Baseten?
You can deploy open source and custom models on Baseten. Start with an off-the-shelf model from our model library
Or deploy any model using Truss
our open source standard for packaging and serving models built in any framework.
Which GPUs are available on Baseten?
You have control over what GPUs your models use. See our instance type reference
for a full list of the GPUs currently available on Baseten. Reach out to us to request additional GPU types.
Do you offer free credits to get started?
Yes, new Baseten accounts come with $30 of free credit so that you can start running models for free.
Is Baseten secure?
Yes, Baseten is SOC 2 Type II certified and HIPAA compliant. You can read more about our SOC 2 Type II certification here
And you can read more about our HIPAA compliance here
.
Do I pay for idle time on Baseten?
No, you do not pay for idle time – you only pay for the time your model is using compute on Baseten. This includes the time your model is actively deploying, scaling up or down, or making predictions. And you have full control
over how your model scales up or down.
What level of customer support do you offer?
Customer support levels vary by plan. We offer email, in-app chat, Slack, and Zoom support. We also offer dedicated forward-deployed engineering support. Talk to our Sales team
to figure out a customer support level that works for your needs.
Do you offer discounts on compute?
Yes, discounts on compute can be negotiated as part of our Pro plan. Talk to our Sales team
to learn more.
Can I deploy Baseten on my own infrastructure?
Yes, you can self-host Baseten in order to manage security and use your own cloud commitments. Talk to our Sales team
to learn more.
Explore Baseten today
We love partnering with companies developing innovative AI products by providing the most customizable model deployment with the lowest latency.
Get started free
Talk to sales
