Skip to main content
AWS Free Tier
Gain free, hands-on experience with the AWS products and services
Learn more about AWS Free Tier
Create a Free Account
AWS Free Tier
Gain free, hands-on experience with the AWS products and services
Learn more about AWS Free Tier
Create a Free Account
Innovate faster with Generative AI on AWS. From startups to enterprises, organizations trust AWS to innovate with generative artificial intelligence. Learn more about Generative AI on AWS »
Featured
Innovate faster with Generative AI on AWS
From startups to enterprises, organizations trust AWS to innovate with generative artificial intelligence.
Learn more about Generative AI on AWS »
Three Types of Offers
More than 100 AWS products are available on AWS Free Tier today. Three different types of free offers are available
depending on the product used. Click an icon below to explore our offers.
Free Trials
Click to Learn More
These free tier offers are short term trial offers that start from the time of first usage begins. Once the trial period expires you simply pay standard, pay-as-you-go service rates (see each service page for full pricing details).
Click to Close
12 months free
Click to Learn More
These free tier offers are only available to new AWS customers, and are available for 12 months following your AWS sign-up date. When your 12 month free usage term expires or if your application use exceeds the tiers, you simply pay standard, pay-as-you-go service rates (see each service page for full pricing details). Restrictions apply; see offer terms for more details.
Click to Close
Always free
Click to Learn More
These free tier offers do not automatically expire at the end of your 12 month AWS Free Tier term, but are available to both existing and new AWS customers indefinitely.
Click to Close
Types of offers
More than 100 AWS products are available on AWS Free Tier today. Three different types of free offers are available depending on the product used.
Always free
12 months free
Free trials
Explore Top Product Categories
Compute
Database
Storage
Containers
Web & Mobile Apps
Serverless
Machine Learning
Free Tier details
Filter by:
Clear all filters
Filter
Close
Apply Filters
Filter
Close
Apply Filters
Sort Rank
1
…
Create a Free Account
12-Months Free: These free tier offers are only available to new AWS customers, and are available for 12 months following your AWS sign-up date. When your 12 month free usage term expires or if your application use exceeds the tiers, you simply pay standard, pay-as-you-go service rates (see each service page for full pricing details). Restrictions apply; see offer terms for more details.
Always Free: These free tier offers do not automatically expire at the end of your 12 month AWS Free Tier term, but are available to both existing and new AWS customers indefinitely.
Trials: These free tier offers are short term trial offers that start from the time of first usage begins. Once the trial period expires you simply pay standard, pay-as-you-go service rates (see each service page for full pricing details).
The Amazon AWS Free Tier applies to participating services across our global regions
. Your free usage under the AWS Free Tier is calculated each month across all regions and automatically applied to your bill – free usage does not accumulate. The AWS Free Tier is not available in the AWS GovCloud (US)
Regions* at this time.
*The Lambda free tier is available in the AWS GovCloud (US) Region. See Lambda pricing
for more details.
Learn more about AWS Free Tier Products
Browse through our collection of videos to learn more about the AWS Free Tier, and how to setup and monitor your account.
How can I avoid charges on my account when using AWS Free Tier services? (6:20)
Cost Optimization: Stretching your runway to go further (57:46)
How can I use AWS Budgets to track my spending and usage? (5:16)
An Introduction to AWS (10:36)
Get started
Sign up for a Free AWS account
Creating an AWS account is free and gives you immediate access to the AWS Free Tier
10 minute tutorials
Explore and learn with easy to follow tutorials for multiple use cases
Start building in the console
Build your production solution quickly and easily once you're ready
Getting started resource center
Explore hands-on tutorials, getting started guides, and learn about cloud essentials.
Start Learning »
Developer center
The AWS Developer Center provides developmental tools and learning resources to take your development skills on AWS to the next level.
Visit Developer Center »
Join the community
Connect with a builder community gives you the support to grow your career and skills in the cloud.
Learn More »
Ending Support for Internet Explorer
Got it
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari. Learn more »
Got it
