Skip to main content
AWS Free Tier
Overview
Free Tier Categories
Featured Offers for Business
Terms and Conditions
More
AWS Free Tier
Get started for free with up to $200 in credits
Create a free account
Start building in console
Get up to $200 in credits for new customers
When you create a new AWS Free Tier account, you get $100 in credits immediately. As you explore key services, you can earn up to $100 more. That's up to $200 over 6 months to build, break things, and experiment with no charges and no surprise bills on the Free plan. The account closes on its own 6 months after you open it or when your credits run out, whichever comes first. You won’t be charged unless you convert to a Paid plan.
Play
Compare the plans
Choose the plan that fits your needs — free plan to get started, paid plan to scale.
Benefits
Free plan
Paid plan
Receive up to $200 USD free credits
✔
Free usage of select services
✔
Access to all AWS services
✖ Limited to select services only
✔
Billed for the usage
✖ No charges incurred unless you upgrade to a Paid plan or activate paid-only services
✔ Pay beyond credit thresholds
Scale workloads beyond credit
✖
✔
Promotional Credits
✖ Not eligible
✔ Eligible
Explore our offers
Filter
Displaying 1-8 (9)
Compute Available on both plans
Amazon EC2
Resizable compute capacity in the Cloud.
Learn more
Storage Available on both plans
Amazon S3
Secure, durable, and scalable object storage infrastructure.
Learn more
Databases Available on both plans
Amazon Aurora
Serverless relational database with unparalleled high performance and availability at global scale.
Learn more
Databases Available on both plans
Amazon RDS
Managed Relational Database Service for MySQL, PostgreSQL, MariaDB, or SQL Server.
Learn more
Migration Available on both plans
AWS Transform
The first agentic AI service to accelerate the transformation of Windows, mainframe, VMware, and more.
Learn more
Databases Available on both plans
Amazon DynamoDB
Serverless, NoSQL, fully managed database with single-digit millisecond performance at any scale.
Learn more
Agentic AI Paid plan exclusive
Amazon Bedrock AgentCore
Build, deploy, and operate highly effective agents securely, at scale using any framework and model – no infrastructure management required.
Learn more
AI-ML Available on both plans
Amazon SageMaker AI
Machine learning for every data scientist and developer.
Learn more
Show 1 more
AI
Amazon Bedrock
The easiest way to build and scale generative AI applications with foundation models
Learn more
Learn more about our offers
Free plan
Start building on AWS with up to $200 in credits. Get access to over 90 services for up to 6 months as you build and experiment with no charges and no surprise overages.
Paid plan
Access the full range of AWS services with pay-as-you-go pricing. New customers on the Paid plan are also eligible for up to $200 in credits.
Short-term trial
Try selected Paid plan services through limited free trials. Your trial begins when you activate the service, and any eligible credits automatically apply to usage beyond the trial limits.
Always free
30+ AWS services are always free within monthly usage limits on both the Free and Paid plans. If you go beyond these limits or access paid features, credits are automatically applied to cover the costs.
Get started
Getting started Create your free AWS account
Gain instant access to the AWS Free Tier.
Create an AWS account
FAQs Have more questions?
Learn more with our Frequently Asked Questions.
Learn More
Community Connect with the Builder Community
Learn More
Did you find what you were looking for today?
Let us know so we can improve the quality of the content on our pages.
Yes
No
