Search overlay panel for performing site-wide searches
Search For:
Close
Heroku Pricing
Flexible pricing options, from personal projects to enterprise applications, and everything in between
Get Started Now
App Type
Estimate the costs to run your app on Heroku
To start your estimate, choose the type of app that best represents what you’re looking to build: from simple prototypes to production apps to enterprise-grade applications.
Related Links
How Heroku works?
Learn about customers running these different types of apps
Eco and Basic
$5 and up per month
Low cost dynos to test ideas or run apps that see intermittent use.
Production
~$0.035/hour and up
(max of $25/month and up)
Business-focused apps, such as customer-facing or internal web apps and APIs.
Advanced
~$0.347/hour and up
(max of $250/month and up)
Mission-critical apps with complex functionality that require high availability, very low latency, and handling a high volume of concurrent requests.
Enterprise
Contact Sales for custom pricing
Apps that meet the control, compliance, and collaboration needs of large scale organizations.
Containers
Choose your dynos
Heroku runs your app in lightweight, isolated Linux containers called “dynos.” The platform offers different dyno types to help you get the best results for your type of app.
The price per dyno per month listed for each dyno type is the maximum you’re charged if you run the dyno 24 hours a day, 7 days a week since your last billing cycle. Eco dynos are not prorated and are a flat-rate price for up to 1,000 hours of usage across apps.
Related Links
What are dynos?
Dynos docs
How apps run in dynos
Usage & Billing
Eco
Test ideas or run apps that see intermittent use.
~$0.005/hour
(flat fee of $5/month)
Eco features
1x – 4x compute
512 MB RAM
Deploy with Git and Docker
Custom domains
Unified logs
2 process types
Container orchestration
Automatic OS patching
Automated certificate management
Personal accounts only
Sleeps after 30 minutes of inactivity
Basic
Run small projects and concepts.
~$0.01 per hour
(max of $7 per month) Prorated to the second
All Eco features plus Basic features
Includes all Eco features
1x – 4x compute
512 MB RAM
Free SSL
10 process types
Always on
Standard
Run business apps in production.
~$0.03 to $0.06/hour
(max of $25 to $50/month) Prorated to the second
Standard features
Includes all Basic features
1x – 4x or 4x – 8x compute
512 MB or 1 GB RAM
Simple horizontal scalability
App metrics
and threshold alerts
Preboot
and zero-downtime deploys
Unlimited process types
Unlimited background workers
Can combine with Performance dynos
Performance
Run high traffic, low latency apps.
~$0.34 to $2.08/hour
(max of $250 to $1500/month) Prorated to the second
Performance features
Includes all Standard features
12x – 100x compute
2.5 GB – 126 GB RAM
Predictable performance for your highest traffic applications
Dedicated compute resources
Autoscaling
Can mix with Standard dynos
Private
Run apps needing network isolation. Available on Next Gen Fir platform.
Fir Private
~$0.035 to $3.33/hour
(max of $25 to $2400/month) Prorated to the second
Fir Private features
1 – 32 virtual compute cores
1/2 GB – 126 GB RAM
Full network isolation
Available in multiple global regions, with in-region builds and telemetry
Dedicated Kubernetes runtime environment
Private network and data services
Dyno sizes for every workload available
Includes core Heroku platform primitives like background workers, metrics, scaling, logging, and networking features
Cedar Private
~$0.17 to $2.08/hour
(max of $125 to $1500/month) Prorated to the second
Cedar Private features
Includes all Performance features
12x – 100x compute
1 GB – 126 GB RAM
Full network isolation
Available in ten global regions
Dedicated runtime environment
Private network and data services
S, M, L, and memory-optimized dynos available
Shield
High compliance apps.
~$0.20 to $2.50/hour
(max of $150 to $1800/month) Prorated to the second
Shield features
Includes all Private features
12x – 100x compute
1 GB – 126 GB RAM
Dedicated environment for high compliance apps
Ability to sign BAAs for HIPAA compliance
PCI compliance
Keystroke logging
Space level log drains
Strict TLS enforcement
Data Services
Choose one or more Heroku data services
Heroku enables you to rapidly build secure, data-driven apps (and get more from your data).
The price per database per month is the maximum you’re charged if your database stays provisioned 24 hours a day, 7 days a week since your last billing cycle.
Heroku Postgres
Heroku Postgres provides a managed SQL database as a service that is easily accessible from your Heroku applications to persist and manipulate data. All plans feature automatic health checks, off-premises storage, daily backups, SSL-protected access, dataclips, Postgres extensions, and a web Ul.
Related Links
Heroku Postgres docs
Heroku Postgres specs
Essential 0
Try Heroku Postgres at a low cost.
~$0.007/hour
(max of $5/month) Prorated to the second
For small projects and concepts.
Essential 0 features
1 GB Storage
20 Connections
No row limit
Essential 1
Datastore for small scale projects.
~$0.012/hour
(max of $9/month) Prorated to the second
For expanded proof-of-concepts, dev and test, and other smaller projects.
Essential 1 features
10 GB Storage
20 Connections
No row limit
Essential 2
Robust usage for growing projects.
~$0.027/hour
(max of $20/month) Prorated to the second
For prototyping projects needing data growth and robustness.
Essential 2 features
32 GB Storage
40 Connections
No row limit
Standard
Database plans for commercial apps in production.
Starts at ~$0.06 per hour
(max of $50 and up per month) Prorated to the second
Choose Premium for apps with workloads that require extreme availability.
Postgres Standard features
4 GB – 768 GB RAM
64 GB – 4 TB Storage
120 – 500 Connections
Max downtime 1 hour per month
Roll back up to 4 days
Database log metrics
Encryption-at-rest
Fork and follow support
Premium
High availability and heavy workloads.
Starts at ~$0.27 per hour
(max of $200 and up per month) Prorated to the second
Choose Standard for most general purpose web apps.
Premium features
4 GB – 768 GB RAM
64 GB – 4 TB Storage
120 – 500 Connections
Max downtime 15 minutes per month
Roll back up to 7 days
Database log metrics
Encryption-at-rest
Fork and follow support
The highest level of availability and data protection
HA with automatic failover
Private
For apps that need network-isolated, private data services to store sensitive data.
Contact for preferred pricing
Shield
High compliance.
For apps that need to store sensitive, regulated data to meet compliance requirements, such as HIPAA and PCI.
Contact for preferred pricing
Heroku Key-Value Store
Heroku Key-Value Store is a fully managed, in-memory, key-value service for storing data that changes often and requires fast access.
Related Links
Heroku Key-Value Store docs
Heroku Key-Value Store specs
Mini
Multi-tenant instance for small projects and concepts.
~$0.004 per hour
(max of $3 per month) Prorated to the second
Mini features
Performance analytics
Redis Log Metrics
25 MB RAM
20 connections
Premium 0 – 5
Data stores for workloads that need high levels of availability and data protection.
Starts at ~$0.02 per hour
(max of $15 and up per month) Prorated to the second
Premium 0 - 5 features
High availability with low-latency failover
Resource scalability
50MB to 1GB RAM
40-1000 connections
Premium 7 – 14
Data stores for intensive, extreme, and heavy workloads.
Starts at ~$1.04 per hour
(max of $750 and up per month) Prorated to the second
Premium 7 - 14 features
Minimal resource contention using a single tenant
Higher throughput for read – heavy workloads
7GB to 100GB RAM
10000 – 65000 connections
Private
Data stores for network isolation.
Private Redis plans are suitable for apps and data that need network isolation or their own private network.
Contact for preferred pricing
Shield
For apps that need a key-value store for HIPAA-compliant apps.
For apps that need to store sensitive, regulated data to meet compliance requirements, such as HIPAA and PCI.
Contact for preferred pricing
Apache Kafka on Heroku
Apache Kafka on Heroku lets you handle event streams of every size, so you can easily add real-time data to your application.
Related Links
Apache Kafka on Heroku docs
Apache Kafka on Heroku specs
Basic
Multi-tenant Kafka for development, testing, and low-volume production event streams.
$100 to $175 per month Prorated to the second
Basic features
Shared clusters
7 days max capacity
4GB to 64GB capacity
Standard
Dedicated Kafka for high-volume event streams.
$1,500 to $3,200 per month Prorated to the second
Standard Apache Kafka features
Dedicated clusters, optimized for high throughput and high volume
2-week retention
High data durability and replication factor: 3 Kafka brokers
Workloads that need high-volume event streams
Extended
Dedicated Kafka for massive event streams.
$4,000 to $8,700 per month Prorated to the second
Extended features
Dedicated clusters, optimized for highest throughput and massive volume
Highest retention (up to 6 weeks)
Highest data durability and replication factor: 5 Kafka brokers
Workloads that need massive event streams
Private
Manage events and streams in a network isolated environment.
Private Apache Kafka on Heroku plans are suitable for managing streaming data over a private network.
Contact for preferred pricing
Shield
High compliance.
For apps that need to manage PHI, PII, or HIPAA-compliant events and streaming data.
Contact for preferred pricing
Add-ons
Extend your app with Heroku Add-ons
Heroku Add-ons are fully managed 3rd party cloud services that you can use to develop, operate, and manage your apps; choose from 200+ add-ons. Start by exploring the following add-ons recommended for your app type.
Explore more add-ons in the Heroku Elements Marketplace
Related Links
Heroku Elements Marketplace
Heroku Add-ons docs
Eco and Basic
Try Heroku Add-ons to test your ideas or run small projects.
View add-ons
For testing ideas or trying new functionality.
Data Stores
Choose where to store your data.
Monitoring
Keep an eye on what’s going on with your app.
Logging
Troubleshoot, monitor, and analyze every aspect of your application’s usage.
Production
Standard add-ons for production apps.
View add-ons
For production apps that need logging, monitoring, caching, or email services.
Search
Index billions of records in a fraction of a second without implementing, running, or maintaining your own search engine.
Caching
Improve the performance of your application by caching regularly accessed data.
Email/SMS
Incorporate and track secure, reliable messaging to users or within your application itself.
Advanced
Add-ons for complex, mission-critical apps.
View add-ons
For apps with larger resource requirements or advanced functionality.
Dynos
Schedule, scale, and manage your dyno usage to your app’s needs.
Image Processing
Solutions for image uploading, editing, manipulating.
Metrics and Analytics
Services to help you record and analyze both application and business data.
Enterprise
Add-ons for enterprise apps.
View add-ons
For apps with enterprise level needs.
Connect With Salesforce
Synchronize data for a single Salesforce object—or hundreds.
Data Store Utilities
Utilities that make it easier to manage your data stores.
Messaging and Queueing
Pass data between your specialized processes to aid in de-coupling and scaling up your applications.
Security
Keep your data safe.
User Management
Manage user authentication, SSO, and more.
Teams
Options for team collaboration
Heroku helps teams of any size work better together, from small teams in growing companies to business units in large enterprises.
Related Links
Heroku Teams overview
Heroku Teams docs
Collaborators
All features
Included
For individual users who want to allow others access to view, scale, or deploy to their apps.
Teams
All features
Included
1-5 users
For small teams that need unified collaboration, administration, and billing across multiple apps.
Heroku Enterprise Accounts and Teams
All features
For organizations that need to manage access to teams, download usage reports, customize role-based permissions, and audit user activity across the entire enterprise.
Contact for preferred pricing
CI/CD
Integrated CI/CD options
Heroku’s integrated CI/CD solutions help your team be more productive and deliver apps faster by making continuous delivery easy, visual, and efficient.
Related Links
Heroku Flow overview
Continuous Delivery docs
Heroku Pipelines
All Heroku Flow features
Included
Group one or more Heroku apps into deployment stages and create a visual Cl/CD workflow.
Pipeline features
Integrated with Heroku apps
Visual UX workflow
Disposable Review Apps
Pipelines Git/GitHub Integration
Heroku Review Apps
All Heroku Flow features
Included
Propose, share, and test code changes on a live URL to speed team decision making.
Heroku Review Apps features
View code changes from pull request on live URL
Automatic or manual creation with each new pull request
Automatically destroy resources when pull request is merged
Review Apps GitHub Integration
Auto-update with each GitHub push
Heroku CI
All Continuous Integration features
Included
Run your app’s test suite fast using a low config, visual test runner that’s fully integrated with Heroku Pipelines.
Heroku CI features
Integrated with Pipelines, low-to-no configuration
Visual UX for test runs
UAT support
Zero queue time
Run tests in parallel across 32 dynos
CI Git/GitHub Integration
Built-in support for Heroku Add-ons
Heroku CI Enterprise
All Continuous Integration features
Heroku Enterprise includes access to an unlimited number of Heroku CI-enabled pipelines.
Contact for preferred pricing
Support
Choose a support plan
Heroku is committed to customer success. Our premium support plans guarantee faster response times for your most critical apps.
Related Links
Heroku Support overview
Troubleshooting & Support docs
Standard Support
Occasional troubleshooting.
All Support features
Included
Business hour support (6AM to 6PM PT)
1+ day response
Enterprise Support
Standard and Premier Enterprise Support.
All Support features
Heroku Enterprise customers have access to a range of Salesforce Success Plans
that offer additional guidance and support, including phone support.
Contact for preferred pricing
Salesforce
Sync customer data with Salesforce
Heroku Connect
Heroku makes it easy to build Heroku apps that sync data bi-directionally between Heroku Postgres and your Salesforce deployment.
Related Links
Heroku Connect overview
Heroku Connect docs
Demo Edition
Experiment with bi-directional syncing between your Heroku apps and Salesforce data.
$0 per month
Get started with Heroku Connect
Demo Edition features
Synchronize up to 10k rows
1K external objects reqs/svc/hr
Automated data synchronization
Simple point and click configuration
Seamless integration for your app
Enterprise
Build HIPAA compliant applications with Heroku and Salesforce data.
Contact Sales for custom pricing
Heroku Connect Enterprise features
No limits on usage
10K external objects requests/svc/hr
Accelerated polling
Automated data synchronization
Simple point and click configuration
Seamless integration for your app
Shield
Build HIPAA-compliant applications that sync Heroku and Salesforce data.
Contact Sales for custom pricing
Heroku Connect Shield features
Includes all Enterprise features
Sync HIPAA impacted customer data with Salesforce
Ability to sign BAA
Requires Shield Spaces and Shield Postgres
Writes to the unified space log stream
Learn more about Heroku
Visit the Dev Center
See the Heroku Blog
Scalability
Heroku grows with you
Heroku is a proven solution for growing companies, from startups to SMBs to large enterprises. The platform adapts to your requirements at every stage – use only what you need to today, and add advanced features when you need more.
Learn How Heroku Grows with You
Customer Stories
Customer success on Heroku
Heroku grows to meet your needs, whether it be higher demand, enhanced security and compliance, or greater control.
View All Customer Stories
Eco and Basic
Users run small projects or apps that see intermittent use, such as proof of concepts, MVPs, and personal projects.
ipify
humanpredictions
Production
Companies grow their business on Heroku with a wide range of customer and internal-facing apps and APIs.
DrivenData
Unsplash
Goodshuffle
Advanced
Businesses scale demanding apps on Heroku with high volume traffic and requirements for high availability and low latency response times.
Bonobos
SHIFT Commerce
Moneytree
Enterprise
The world’s leading organizations deliver enterprise-grade apps on Heroku that require enhanced privacy, performance, and control.
Align Technology
ClickFunnels
How Heroku pricing works
Heroku offers pricing options for apps and organizations of all sizes. As your app grows, scale up the resources you need and pay only for what you consume.
Explore the Heroku Platform
Start with minimal commitment
Try out the platform and developer experience. Dynos, databases, and most add-ons start with a low-cost plan.
Pay as you go
Costs are prorated to the second, so you pay only for what you use. Get fine-grained control over billing.
No lock in
There are no termination fees or lock in restrictions.
