Sign in
Free trial
Features:
What you can do with Fathom
How Fathom works
Bypass ad-blockers
EU Isolation
Our data journey
Why Fathom Analytics?
Simple to use
Privacy-focused
Google Analytics alternative
Researching website analytics?
Website analytics for:
European companies
Agencies
Bootstrappers
Pricing
Resources:
Our blog
Above Board
Documentation
Laravel tips
Changelog
Roadmap
Campaign builder
Simple and sustainable pricing
Get the information you need about your website without compromising anyone’s digital privacy. Start with a 30-day free trial of Fathom and then pay a fair and sustainable monthly price based on your average monthly page views.
$14/m
Up to 100,000 monthly page views
$24/m
Up to 200,000 monthly page views
$44/m
Up to 500,000 monthly page views
$54/m
Up to 1,000,000 monthly page views
$74/m
Up to 2,000,000 monthly page views
$140/y
Up to 100,000 monthly page views
$240/y
Up to 200,000 monthly page views
$440/y
Up to 500,000 monthly page views
$540/y
Up to 1,000,000 monthly page views
$740/y
Up to 2,000,000 monthly page views
Get 2 months free (switch to yearly) Switch back to the monthly pricing plans
Show more plans Show fewer plans
All plans include:
Up to 50 sites included
100% Data ownership
Uptime monitoring
No cookie banners required
Unlimited email reports
Forever data retention
Unlimited CSV data exports
Privacy law compliance
Enterprise-grade infrastructure
Ad-blocker bypassing
Get started with a free trial
All pricing is in USD and renews automatically unless cancelled. Event completions count towards your total page views per month. If you need more than 50 sites, we charge $14/m per each additional 50 sites
.
Need more monthly pageviews?
Get in touch for a quote
Use Fathom & you'll be in good company
Frequently asked questions
Do you have a lower plan?
Nope, and here's why: we've heavily invested in enterprise-level infrastructure which has great speed and reliability (we don't just host our software on cheap VPS servers). And for an easy-to-use analytics product, all plans come with powerful tools like email reports, filters, website monitoring, and more. Our business model is selling software, not your data, so we’re priced for sustainability on our end and an amazing product for our customers.
Do you ever do sales or discounts?
Nope! Not even for Black Friday. So rest assured the price you are seeing today or are paying in your account now is the best price ever. We've never done discounts
nor will we ever.
What happens if I hit my plan limit?
We'll never turn your analytics off for occasional traffic spikes or if a payment fails the first time (hey, this has happened to all of us at least once). Instead, if you go over your plan for two months in a row, we'll let you know we're upgrading your plan. From there, you can decide to stay or cancel your account (no hard feelings either way).
Can I switch to a different plan?
Of course! If you go over your limit for two months in a row, we'll offer to do that for you. Or, if you're under your current plan for two months in a row (and it's not our lowest plan already), you can downgrade from within our settings.
How do I cancel my account?
We're not interested in having someone's money if they aren't happy. So if at any point you want to cancel Fathom, you can do so right from your settings - you don't even have to call or email us (unless you have a question). There are no contracts, so anyone can cancel anytime (with a full export of your data).
What if I have more than 50 sites?
You add as many as you’d like (and the total of the page views across all the sites counts as your total page views for your pricing plan). Every plan comes with the ability to add up to 50 sites included in your plan, and it costs $14/month per additional 50 sites if you require more.
What if I have another question?
Reach out
and we will be happy to help with any pre-sales questions.
I love the simplicity, speed, and accuracy of Fathom. I consider it a "must have" analytics tool if you want to understand what's happening with your website traffic.
Ruben Gamez, founder Docsketch & Bidsketch I switched to Fathom because it’s an ethical analytics tool that I trust. It gives me everything I want to know about my site's performance.
Charli Marie, Creative director of ConvertKit Today, so many big tech corps are abusing our privacy. This is why I use Fathom. They’re an analytics company I can trust.
Justin Jackson, Cofounder of Transistor Privacy-protections aside, I love the beautifully simple interface. Fathom is now part of my default stack.
Derrick Reimer, founder of SavvyCal
Choose the best Google Analytics alternative
Start a 30-day free trial for Fathom Analytics today
Get started for free
View a live demo
