Skip to content
Mux Logo
Toggle Mux Brand Popover
Toggle navigation menu
Talk to us Talk to us
Log in Log in
Smart video, surprisingly affordable
Plans
Kick off your video project. No credit card required to get started.
100K free monthly delivery minutes
Up to 10 videos stored
On-demand videos only
Start for free Start for free
Build what you need with usage-based pricing. Includes all API features.
100K minutes delivered before credits
No storage limit
On-demand and live videos
$20 monthly usage credit
Start building Start building
Credit-based plans for growing apps. Includes all features from Pay as you go.
Launch: $20/mo for $100 in credit Popular
Scale: $500/mo for $1,000 in credit
Plans include 100K delivery minutes free every month. After the credits are used, usage-based billing applies.
Start with credits Start with credits
More security and support options. Additional discounts over $3k/month.
Steeper volume discounts
Account security features
SLAs
24/7 support
Talk to us Talk to us
Need an enterprise solution?
More security and support options. Steeper discounts over $3k/month.
Talk to us Talk to us
What can you get with $100 credit?
Credit-based plans flex to fit to any project—monthly credits are automatically applied to your usage. Go beyond your credits? Just pay for what you use.
Company website
With $100, you could...
Upload 100 5-minute videos
Store those 100 videos for the full month
Stream 182k minutes to your visitors
Show the math
User-generated
Live stream
Gen AI
Company website
User-generated
Live stream
Gen AI
With $100, you could…
Upload 100 5-minute videos
Store those 100 videos for the full month
Stream 182k minutes to your visitors
Show the math
Trusted by the best teams
Evolved from embedded video to native video without breaking the budget
Grew from a DIY experiment to cost-efficient, video at high volumes
Migrated from an expensive, all-in-one video platform to Mux-enabled native video
Rebuilt an expensive homegrown video system into affordable, scalable video with Mux
Do you need to migrate?
We’d love to work with you to get you transitioned to better video infrastructure. Let’s talk about your free migration options.
Let's make moves Let's make moves
What the minute?
A "minute of video" is simply one minute of your content — which stays consistent regardless of input quality or complexity. We price in minutes, not file size, because it matches with what actually matters (video duration) and lets us optimize your video performance without unpredictable billing surprises. Oh, and we don’t round up to the nearest minute.
Starting at
Free
for all resolutions
Your files and live streams are standardized and set up to stream to any audience as soon as we get them. We call this "input" or "encoding".
Starting at
$0.0024
per minute per month @ 720p
Efficiently store original-quality and optimized versions of your video in redundant cloud storage.
Audio-only starting at $0.00024 per minute
Starting at
100K minutes free
then $0.0008 per min @ 720p
Deliver video to viewers with high performance and industry-leading reliability through multiple CDNs.
Audio-only starting at $ 0.00008 per minute
1 / 3
Learn more about upgrades and pricing discounts
Pricing details Pricing details
Estimate your costs
Asset Type
on demand video
live video
Resolution
720p
1080p
2K
4K
Video Quality
basic
plus
premium
Input
minutes / month mins ≈ gb
Storage
minutes / month mins ≈ gb
Delivery
minutes / month mins ≈ gb
Show advanced options Show advanced options
Your estimate
$0.00
per month
Cold Storage
is enabled which gives you up to a 60% discount on assets not being watched. See advanced options
for a breakdown
Show me the math
Create Free Account Create Free Account
Delivery cost is calculated across available resolutions to simulate typical delivery patterns. For example, 1080p video is split evenly between 720p and 1080p, while 4K is split across all four resolutions.
Included
Included Tap into video expertise — built by the same team behind Video.js and major streaming platforms, get battle-tested players and SDKs that leverage decades of video player development without additional cost.
Included Get the same video analytics trusted by many of the best streaming services — at zero extra cost. The analytics platform monitoring the World Cup and the Big Game is included with every Mux Video plan.
How is it so cheap?
“ I expected the total for the year to be more; the bill seems too low. Since the pricing is so much lower than expected, I’m wondering if there is any sacrifice on quality? ”
Brian Dwyer
Head of product,
Kubicle
We hear this a lot. With such affordable pricing, what's the catch? Simple answer: there isn't one. Video should be a utility of the internet, not a luxury. We've built Mux to be scalable and efficient. These smart infrastructure decisions allow us to pass substantial cost savings directly to you, regardless of your size.
You can't build scalable video cheaper yourself, and you shouldn't have to try.
Just-in-time encoding
When preparing a video for streaming, the standard practice is to first encode the whole video into a compatible format and file size, as well as smaller size versions for slower networks. Mux instead has built just-in-time encoding, meaning we only create streaming versions of your video when a viewer is going to watch them. This saves on encoding and storage costs, which we pass on to you with lower input and storage prices. This is also how we offer great features like super fast upload-to-pl
and instant clipping
.
High scale
Mux Video powers billions of streams every month across hundreds of millions of videos, which gives us significant economies of scale just to start. Our infrastructure is then purpose-built for video, letting our experts tune every layer of the stack for cost efficiency and performance compared to generic cloud infrastructure, which has to support every kind of file and workload. We blend multiple CDNs plus our own POPs in order to achieve both lower costs and higher performance. All of these th
.
Smart workflows
Mux is built by people who deeply understand video — not just the tech, but how content lives and breathes in the real world. We know how audience size, engagement patterns, and content life cycles evolve over time, and we bake that knowledge into automated workflows that continuously optimize for cost and efficiency. Some of this happens under the hood, invisible to you. Other times, it shows up clearly in the product — for example, all newly uploaded videos start in cold storage
with up to 60% savings, and are automatically moved back after 30 days of inactivity. You don’t have to think about it — we make smart decisions for you that keep your costs low, especially at scale.
Just-in-time encoding
High scale
Smart workflows
Just-in-time encoding
When preparing a video for streaming, the standard practice is to first encode the whole video into a compatible format and file size, as well as smaller size versions for slower networks. Mux instead has built just-in-time encoding, meaning we only create streaming versions of your video when a viewer is going to watch them. This saves on encoding and storage costs, which we pass on to you with lower input and storage prices. This is also how we offer great features like super fast upload-to-pl
and instant clipping
.
Video + audio upgrades
High resolution video
Video quality
On-demand and live captions
High security
MP4s & other static renditions
Other upgrades
Custom domains
$200 / month
Read more
Live simulcasting
$0.020 / minute / simulcast target
Read more
Multi-track audio
Audio-only rates / every additional track
Read more
No credit card required to start using Mux.
Start building for free Start building for free
Explore our APIs
Read the docs
Explore our APIs
Read the docs
Get a demo
Let's chat
Get a demo
Let's chat
© Mux, Inc. 2026 Terms
Security
Privacy
Cookies
Sitemap
Status: Loading....
