Contentful pricing
Products and plans built to grow your business
Compare plans for every project, business, and team — with options to customize and scale, just like our AI-driven products.
Platform
Deliver AI-driven experiences from a unified source.
Ninetailed
New
Seamlessly create personalized experiences across channels.
Studio
Visually assemble intelligent experiences at scale.
Deliver AI-driven experiences from a unified source.
Free
$0 / forever
For learning and exploring the Contentful Platform.
Start for free
Includes:
10 users
2 roles
2 locales
100K API calls/ month
50 GB/ month CDN bandwidth
Structured content
Developer tools
Editorial experience
Space license
1 Starter Space included
Lite
$300 / month
For smaller businesses managing a single project.
Start for free
Includes everything in Free, and:
20 users
3 roles
3 locales
1M API calls/ month
100 GB/ month CDN bandwidth
Comments & task management
Scheduled publishing
Live collaboration
Space license
1 Starter Space included + 1 Lite Space can be added
Premium
Custom / year
For building scaled digital experiences with advanced security and reliability.
Contact sales
Includes everything in Lite, and:
Custom number of users, roles & locales
Unlimited API calls/ month
Custom amount of CDN bandwidth
Dedicated Customer Success & Professional Services with 24/7 customer support
Enhanced governance, compliance and security features with up to 99.99% uptime SLA
Compatible with Contentful Studio and Ninetailed by Contentful
Unlimited Spaces allowance
Space license
1 Starter Space included + larger upgrades available to purchase
What are Spaces and how do they work with my plan?
What's included
Find your perfect plan. Browse below to see how our options stack up.
Free
Lite
Premium
Start for free
Entitlements overview
Support
Community support & resources
Included Space license
Starter
Additional Space license
Contentful Studio
Ninetailed by Contentful
Roles
2
Role types
Admin, Editor
Locales
2
API calls
100K/month (no overages)
Asset bandwidth (CDN) usage limit
50 GB/month (no overages)
Asset upload size
50 MB
Function executions
View all details
“ Contentful is more than a content tool, it's a tool for experimentation and iteration. ”
Nathan Cook Global Marketing Director, Web Development
Spaces that scale with you
Spaces are an area for each project. You can easily add more as you scale.
Starter Space
Lite Space
Premium Spaces
Start for free
What is it?
Your free Starter Space; cannot be purchased separately
Who is it for?
Anyone can get going with this included Starter Space
Availability
1 included on every Platform plan
View all details
Premium Spaces explained
Our Premium Spaces each have their own unique benefits for your business.
Standard
For teams looking to deploy standard marketing sites, these come with Space quotas fit for many standalone Commercial use cases. Perfect for any business managing a single project or experience, with the capability to customize to meet your specific needs.
Enterprise
Perfect for businesses that require seamless coordination across teams, brands, business units, or regions. Plans are equipped with generous Space quotas and Enterprise-level features like embargoed assets, locale-based publishing, and connected Spaces.
Templated
Deploy a high volume of smaller, standardized sites with consistent templates determined by an Enterprise Space. Simplify your content processes with a perfect structure for global microsite or franchise use cases, related team workflows and content governance.
FAQs
Here to help with any questions you may have about our plans and pricing.
How do Spaces work?
A space is a content repository. Think of it as a place to keep all the content related to one team, product line, geography or project. Each space has its own content model, content base and users permissions.
If you want to launch several websites or apps, the best way to go is to create a separate space for each project.
Note that if your goal is to deliver the same content to multiple platforms – a typical set would be web, iOS app and Android app – then you should use one space and create multiple API keys to deliver the content.
How many users can use my Platform plan?
The Free platform plan includes up to 10 users. Upon upgrading to the paid Lite platform plan, this expands to a total of 20 users. Upgrading to a Premium platform plan is a significant step up—it can include hundreds of users depending on the platform you build with our Sales team.
What type of support does Contentful offer?
The types of support
available to you depend on which Platform plan you purchase. With a Lite plan, you can open support tickets and communicate with Contentful support agents through the Contentful website. While we do our best to answer questions promptly, standard support does not include guarantees on response time.
With Premium plans, you have access to a dedicated Customer Success Manager, Professional Services, defined Service Level Agreements (SLA), and 24/7 global support
with guaranteed response times.
All Contentful users (including free users) can join our Discord community
to chat with thousands of other users, sharpen their skills in Contentful Learning Center
and leverage our robust developer documentation
to get started.
Do you offer annual subscriptions?
Self-service subscriptions on our Lite platform plan are offered on a month-to-month, cancel-anytime basis.
Premium platform customers who wish to access advanced features and benefit from special services require an annual contract. Please reach out
to our sales team to discuss your needs and available options.
What payment methods do you accept?
Lite customers can pay for the subscription with American Express, MasterCard, and Visa credit cards. Premium platform customers have the option to pay by wire transfer.
Professional Services
Our team of experts is on-hand for any consultation, best practice and training needs you and your business may have.
Learn more
Need more information?
Explore our report on segmentation patterns
Discover how leaders in ecommerce, SaaS, and financial services, group their audiences for personalization.
Download the report
Get in touch
Need a quote or have questions about which plan is right for you? Talk to a member of our team.
Contact us
Leading brands worldwide bring their AI-enhanced experiences to life with Contentful.
Unlock the power of your digital content
Chat with sales
Want to chat? See how Contentful can help you efficiently and quickly meet your organization’s needs.
Work with a partner
Tap into our vast partner ecosystem to learn what's possible with Contentful and turn your vision into reality.
