2025-11-26T09:14:51.167Z
/pricing/
Contentful pricing
Products and plans built to grow your business
Compare plans for every project, business, and team — with options to customize and scale, just like our AI-driven products.
Step 1: Pick a Platform plan
Step 2: Add to your Enterprise plan
Step 1: Pick a Platform plan
Step 2: Add to your Enterprise plan
Platform
Deliver AI-driven experiences from a unified source.
Compare Platform plan details
Compare plans
Compare Platform plans
Find your perfect plan. Browse below to see how our options stack up.
Free
Start for free
Lite
Start for free
Enterprise
Contact sales
Entitlements overview
Support
Community support & resources
Standard technical support
Prioritized support with guaranteed response time SLAs; dedicated Customer Success Manager
Included Space license
Starter
Additional Space license
$850/month (limited to one Lite space)
Premium Spaces
AI Actions
Use AI Actions with quotas included across all Enterprise plans
Contentful Personalization
Setup and configuration is compatible with Contentful Personalization
Contentful Studio
Setup and configuration is compatible with Contentful Studio
Roles
2
3
Custom
Role types
Admin, Editor
Admin, Editor, Author
Custom
Locales
2
3
Custom
API calls
100K/month (no overages)
1M/month + Lite Space allowance if purchased (paid overages allowed)
Waived, no costs
Asset bandwidth (CDN) usage limit
50 GB/month (no overages)
100 GB/month + Lite Space allowance if purchased (paid overages allowed)
Custom (with paid overages)
Asset upload size
50 MB
1000 MB
Function executions
Custom
Structured content
Content tags
Links/reference fields
Visual modeler
Taxonomy
Taxonomy Localization
Reference view
Multi-space orchestration
Custom external references
Governance and compliance
Roles and permissions
ISO 27001
API token management
Single Sign-On (SSO)
Teams
Custom roles and permissions
Tag-based permissions
User Management API
Environment governance
SCIM provisioning via IdP
Custom domain
Embargoed assets
Static webhook IPs
Security reporting
PCI DSS compliance
Infrastructure
Standard infrastructure
Encryption in transit
Encryption at rest
24/7 infrastructure monitoring
Advanced caching
Medium-density infrastructure
Dedicated infrastructure
Multi-region delivery infrastructure
EU data residency
Terms and services
Technical support
Uptime and Support SLAs
High-priority support
Customer Success Manager
Professional Services offerings
Infosec and legal review
Editorial experience
Rich text editor
Markdown editor
Image editor
Scheduled publishing
Validation
Locales/translations
Content versioning
Bulk editing
Comment on entries
Comment on fields
Tasks app
Live preview
Launch app
Presence indicator
Timeline
Localized workflows
Developer experiences
Sandbox environments
Environment alias
Client libraries
GraphQL API
Content Delivery API (CDA)
Content Preview API (CPA)
Image API
Content Management API (CMA)
Sync API
CLI tool
Custom aliases
Preview localization
Enterprise observability
Bulk Content Operations
Extensibility and apps
Webhooks
Webhook transformations
Webhook templates
AWS webhook integrations
Apps
App Framework
Open-source field editors
Forma 36
Custom apps
Marketplace apps
Spaces that scale with you
Spaces are an area for each project. You can easily add more as you scale.
Starter Space
Free Spaces included on all plans
Start for free
Lite Space
Available upgrade for the Lite plan
Start for free
Premium Spaces
Fully configurable for Enterprise plans
Contact sales
What is it?
Your free Starter Space; cannot be purchased separately
An additional larger Space to scale content for your business
Standard, Enterprise and Templated Spaces that can be combined to suit your business needs
Who is it for?
Anyone can get going with this included Starter Space
Ideal for small businesses managing a single project
For teams and businesses that have more complex content operations
Availability
1 included on every Platform plan
Add after starting a Lite plan
Available on Enterprise plans
Quotas
Content types
25
50
Custom
Environments
2
4
Custom
Records
10,000
50,000
Custom
Workflows
Not available
Up to 5
Custom
Additional API calls usage
Not available
2M/month
Custom
Additional asset bandwidth usage
Not available
750 GB/month
Custom
Premium Spaces explained
Our Premium Spaces each have their own unique benefits for your business.
Standard
For teams looking to deploy standard marketing sites, these come with Space quotas fit for many standalone Commercial use cases. Perfect for any business managing a single project or experience, with the capability to customize to meet your specific needs.
Enterprise
Perfect for businesses that require seamless coordination across teams, brands, business units, or regions. Plans are equipped with generous Space quotas and Enterprise-level features like embargoed assets, localized workflows, locale-based publishing, and connected Spaces.
Templated
Deploy a high volume of smaller, standardized sites with consistent templates determined by an Enterprise Space. Simplify your content processes with a perfect structure for global microsite or franchise use cases, related team workflows and content governance.
Use core content management features
Free
$0 / forever
For learning and exploring the Contentful Platform.
Start for free
Includes:
10 users
2 roles
2 locales
100K API calls/ month
50 GB/ month CDN bandwidth
Structured content
Developer tools
Editorial experience
1 Starter Space included
Manage content with more features
Lite
$300 / month
For smaller businesses managing a single project.
Start for free
Includes everything in Free, and:
20 users
3 roles
3 locales
1M API calls/ month
100 GB/ month CDN bandwidth
Comments & task management
Scheduled publishing
Live collaboration
1 Starter Space included
+ 1 Lite Space available for additional purchase
Enhance with additional products
Enterprise
Custom
For building scaled digital experiences with advanced security and reliability.
Contact sales
Includes everything in Lite, and:
Custom number of users, roles & locales
Unlimited API calls/ month
Custom amount of CDN bandwidth
Dedicated Customer Success & Professional Services with 24/7 customer support
Enhanced governance, compliance and security features with up to 99.99% uptime SLA
Unlimited Spaces allowance
Compatible with Personalization, Studio and new AI Actions
Multiple custom Spaces
+ larger upgrades available
Add to your Enterprise plan
Personalization
Seamlessly create personalized experiences across channels.
Plans created for businesses of any scale and level of personalization maturity.
Compare Personalization plans
Compare plans
Compare Personalization plans
Choose what’s right for your business, and add as you grow.
Start
Contact sales
Core
Contact sales
Scale
Contact sales
Product
Available on Enterprise Platform plans
Native Contentful integration
Enable Spaces for Personalization
1 Space enabled on your plan
Up to 5 Spaces enabled
Unlimited Spaces can be enabled
Monthly active profiles
100K (upgrades available)
500K (upgrades available)
1 million (upgrades available)
AI Suggestions allowance
100 (upgrades available)
500 (upgrades available)
1000 (upgrades available)
Personalization & A/B testing
Advanced audience segmentation
A/B tests and personalized experiences
Unlimited
Component level experiences
Multi-component testing and personalization
Smart traffic distribution with Multi-Armed Bandit
Knowledge Base
Brand Kit
Experience Preview
AI Experience Suggestions
AI Audience Suggestions
Custom Flags
AI Variant Generation
1:1 experiences
Feature experimentation (Early access)
3rd party content personalization (Early access)
Linked Audiences
Linked Experiences
Insights
Experience insights
Custom metrics
Component insights
Audience insights
Privacy & Security
Privacy Plugin
EU data residency
Single Sign-On (SSO)
SOC 2 Type 2
Single Sign-On (SAML)
Data connections
Basic data connections
Contentsquare (Premium)
Segment (Premium)
Rudderstack (Premium)
Albacross (Premium)
Salesforce CRM (Premium)
Shopify (Premium)
Klaviyo (Premium)
SAP Emarsys (Premium)
Start
For those who are new to personalization.
Start creating AI-powered personalized experiences right inside Contentful, without depending on developers.
Contact sales
Includes:
100K monthly active profiles (upgrades available to purchase)
100 AI Suggestions: Use AI to generate experiences, experiments and audience segments based on your performance data
Unlimited A/B test and personalized experience creation
Audience segmentation based on multiple data points
Performance analysis of personalized experiences and experiments
Connect to popular analytics and customer data sources
EU data residency
Premium support & SLAs as part of your Platform plan
1 Space enabled on your plan
Core
Create richer personalized experiences.
Take your personalization game to the next level with enhanced levels of insights, additional AI features and suggestions, plus a greater range of data connections.
Contact sales
Includes everything in Start, plus:
500K monthly active profiles (upgrades available to purchase)
500 AI Suggestions: Use AI to create variants to run in your personalized experiences/ experiments
Understand your audience segments' behavior and performance
Use feature experimentation on specific elements or across entire experiences to determine impact on conversion rates
Enriched insights for how individual content entries are performing
SOC 2 Type 2 compliance
Premium data connections that integrate with more advanced parts of your tech stack (see below)
Up to 5 Spaces enabled on your plan
Scale
For large-scale operations of any size.
Centralize the creation of AI-powered personalized experiences that captivate any audience, with a tailored set up to meet your business needs.
Contact sales
Includes everything in Core, plus:
1M monthly active profiles (upgrades available to purchase)
1000 AI Suggestions (upgrades available to purchase)
Share and use the same Contentful Personalization audience segments across all of your Spaces
Centralize and run personalized experiences across all of your Spaces
Single Sign-On (SAML)
Unlimited custom Spaces can be enabled on your plan
AI Actions
Automate and scale better content with AI.
AI Actions is available on any Enterprise plan.
See what's included
What comes with AI Actions?
Explore what AI Actions brings to the party below.
Contact sales
Quotas and usage
Words
Enterprise plans include a range of AI credits.
Usage reporting
View your current and previous months' usage, including generated words, consumed units, and invocations, along with a breakdown of the most used AI actions, top-usage spaces, and your annual included consumption units.
Feature controls
Ability to opt in and opt out of AI usage for your organization.
Additional usage
Pay as you go
Use AI Actions as much as you need, and pay for use over your quota each month.
Pre-pay and save
Work with our team to agree a discount on additional credits.
AI models
Claude Sonnet 3.5
Balances intelligence, speed, and cost-efficiency for high-performance AI at scale.
GPT-4o
Pairs strong reasoning with speed for efficient, scalable AI—ideal for high-demand enterprise use.
GPT-4o mini
A fast, cost-efficient model for lightweight, multilingual tasks that need precise responses.
Use your own LLM
Please reach out to our sales team to discuss your needs and available options.
Pre-built templates
Translation
Translate text between languages while preserving meaning, tone, and context.
Rewrite
Easily adapt your content for different audiences, follow specific guidelines, or smooth out flow and fix typos.
Image alt text generation
Create descriptive, meaningful alt text for images to improve accessibility and boost search rankings.
Spelling and grammar checking
Eliminate typos, grammar mistakes, and inconsistencies with ease.
Keyword optimization
Enhance your content’s search performance with relevant keywords and SEO best practices.
Tone of voice adjustment
Rewrite content to align with a specified tone while maintaining its original message.
SEO meta data generation
Create a concise and compelling SEO meta description based on the provided content.
Product description generation
Generate a well-crafted product description based on the provided product details.
20+ pre-built templates
These templates come pre-configured with instructions to help you get started.
Custom templates
Build and customize templates to better meet your specific needs.
Partner templates
Use templates developed by our partners such as AWS and AKQA.
Contextual AI
Variables
AI Action Variables are editor inputs that guide workflows and ensure context-aware results.
External References
An External Reference Variable lets users pull content from third-party systems to provide context for AI Actions.
Text
A Text Variable lets users input or select text for AI to generate responses or update entries.
Multiple Choice
A Multiple Choice Variable lets users choose from set options to guide AI decisions or actions.
Locale
A Locale Variable lets users choose a configured locale to tailor content for different languages or regions.
Media
A Media Variable lets users select media assets to use or update in entries.
Entry
An Entry Variable references existing Contentful content to give context for an AI Action.
External knowledge
Use external information as context to enable context-rich creation, transformation, and updates.
Platform capabilities
Workflows
Use the power of AI Actions to automate your workflow step.
Locale-based publishing
Locale-based publishing lets you publish AI content to a specific locale independently.
Role-based permissions
AI Action roles in Contentful are space-level, so admins can control access and enforce governance.
Entry-level AI Actions
Entry-level AI Actions streamline content creation with AI tools built into the entry editor.
Field-level AI Actions
Users can also choose to trigger an AI Action to specific fields of an entry.
Simplify day-to-day tasks and scale content operations effortlessly with AI Actions.
Custom upgrades
Get all Enterprise plan entitlements, and use our flexible options to add more AI Actions when you need them.
Contact sales
Pay as you go
The easiest way to get going with more AI Actions — just pay for any usage beyond what your plan includes.
Pre-pay and save
Do you know your regular usage? This is the best bet. Plan ahead and save with discounted rates.
Studio
Visually assemble intelligent experiences at scale.
The intuitive drag-and-drop canvas that reduces your time-to-impact from months to minutes.
Custom plans
Custom price / year
Create a plan tailored to your unique business needs.
Contact sales
Includes
Intuitive visual canvas that allows you to design once, manage, and reuse experiences everywhere
Full control over which elements of your design components can be changed
Tools to create and save design patterns to assemble digital experiences quickly
Experiences SDK and API to register components for use within Studio
Professional Services
Our team of experts is on-hand for any consultation, best practice and training needs you and your business may have.
Learn more
" Contentful is more than a content tool, it's a tool for experimentation and iteration. "
Nathan Cook Global Marketing Director, Web Development
FAQs
Here to help with any questions you may have about our plans and pricing.
Can you get started with Contentful for free?
Yes. The Free plan costs $0 forever and includes 10 users, two roles, two locales, 100,000 API calls per month, 50 GB of monthly CDN bandwidth, and one Starter Space. It's built for learning and exploring Contentful, so it uses hard usage caps that keep your activity within the included limits rather than adding paid overages.
What products are available in Contentful?
Contentful Platform is the foundation of a powerful content ecosystem, enabling teams to create, manage, and scale structured content across all digital channels. It integrates seamlessly with other Contentful products like Personalization, Studio, and AI Actions.
Contentful Personalization is an AI-native personalization engine that empowers teams to experiment, target, and analyze content experiences — directly within Contentful, based on any data source.
Contentful Studio is visual workspace for designing digital experiences. It offers reusable templates, content binding, and design controls to scale creative work while maintaining brand consistency.
Contentful AI Actions automates content creation, translation, and transformation — speeding up workflows with contextual, adaptable, AI-powered tools.
Do I need a development team to setup Contentful products?
Most Contentful products offer no-code tools so that marketers can create and manage experiences directly in the platform without developer assistance. AI Actions, for instance, is ready to use out of the box. No setup needed. For products like Studio and Personalization, however, some initial development is typically required to integrate with your front end and tailor the experience to your stack.
Do you need help getting up and running? Our Professional Services
team would be happy to assist you.
How many users can access Contentful products in a plan?
A Free plan includes up to 10 users for the Contentful Platform.
A Lite plan can accommodate up to 20 users for the Platform.
An Enterprise plan offers the most flexibility, and can scale to hundreds of users, depending on what you build with our Sales team
.
The total number of users included in your Platform applies across all products: Personalization, Studio, and AI Actions.
How do Starter Spaces and Lite Spaces compare?
A Starter Space is the included project area that comes with each Contentful plan, offering 25 content types, two environments, and 10,000 records. A Lite Space is a larger paid add-on for the Lite plan, with 50 content types, four environments, 50,000 records, up to five workflows, plus 2 million more API calls and 750 GB more bandwidth per month. It costs $850 per month on top of your Lite plan.
How does Contentful handle usage beyond your plan's included limits?
On paid plans like Lite, you can go beyond your included limits
and pay only for the overage: $5 per additional 1 million API calls per month (waved on some of our Enterprise plans), plus $0.15 per additional GB of asset bandwidth per month. The Free plan works differently, using hard caps so your usage stays within the included limits
.
What shapes Enterprise pricing?
Enterprise pricing is custom, shaped by the scale and needs of your organization. The main drivers are your number and complexity of use cases. These use cases will help determine plan choice and space architecture. Entities like users
roles
and locales
API calls
bandwidth
content types
environments
and records are all included with your plan and space choices. Add-ons are available for outsized usage.. Enterprise plans also include dedicated Customer Success
and Professional Services
24/7 support
and up to a 99.99% uptime SLA.
How are add-on products like Personalization and AI Actions priced?
Contentful Personalization
and AI Actions
are priced separately from your core Contentful plan. Personalization offers Start, Core, and Scale tiers on Enterprise plans. AI Actions includes AI credits on Enterprise plans, with pay-as-you-go or pre-pay options for committed use at scale.
What type of support does Contentful offer?
Support scales with your plan, so you get the right level of help when you need it most.
With a Lite plan, you can submit tickets and connect with our support team through the Contentful website. While we aim to respond quickly, response times aren't guaranteed with standard support.
Enterprise plans have access to a dedicated Customer Success Manager
guaranteed response times through SLAs, 24/7 global support, and access to our expert Professional Services
team. From implementation guidance to best practices and optimization, our pros are available to help accelerate your success with Contentful.
No matter your plan, all users (even on the free tier) can join our Discord community to connect with thousands of users, sharpen your skills in the Contentful Learning Center
and tap into our rich developer documentation
to build with confidence.
Leading brands worldwide bring their AI-enhanced experiences to life with Contentful.
Your experiences should wow, not wait. Let's talk.
Chat with sales
Learn how Contentful can help your business manage content chaos, once and for all, and set you up for future success.
Work with a partner
Contentful’s extensive partner ecosystem is ready to help your brand build, launch, and ship websites and content faster.
