Skip to main content
Elastic Cloud Hosted pricing
Elastic Cloud Hosted is a public cloud managed service available on AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud — delivering powerful search, AI-driven security analytics, and seamless cloud monitoring.
Want Elastic to manage nodes and shards for you? Explore Elastic Cloud Serverless pricing
.
Start free trial
Estimate costs
Standard
As low as $95 per month 1
Try free
A great place to start
Distributed Search AI Platform across AWS, Azure and GCP providers
Robust API platform and language clients, data access with the Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL)
Monitoring on by default with AutoOps
Elasticsearch
Scalable, secure Elasticsearch datastore with flexible document format for unstructured and structured data storage
Optimized for fast high volume vector & semantic data storage and retrieval
Powerful index modes for optimized storage of metrics and logs
Hundreds of out-of-the-box integrations including the Elastic Agent, Connectors and Logstash
Tools for analytic insight on your data including: Discover, dashboards, field statistics, maps, alerting and developer console
Security
Alerting including detection engine and prebuilt rules
Centralized ingest and agent management
Malware prevention and host data collection
Case management
Cloud security posture management (CSPM) and cloud vulnerability management (CNVM)
Observability
Apps for APM, logging, and metrics
Centralized ingest and agent management
Access to the managed global testing service for Synthetic Monitoring 2
Universal Profiling
LLM observability
Limited Support
Web-based support
2 Support Contacts
3-business day target response time (Elastic Cloud platform only)
Self-managed (Basic)
Includes basic features of Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes
to deploy, orchestrate, and operate Elastic products on Kubernetes.
Download free
Gold
As low as $109 per month 1
Try free
Everything in Standard plus:
Reporting
Third-party alerting actions
Watcher
Multi-stack monitoring
Security
Optimized workflows including third-party incident response workflows
Detection alert external notifications and actions
Advanced host management configuration
Base Support
Business hours support
Phone- and web-based support
6 Support Contacts
Target initial response time:
Urgent: 4 business hours
High: 1 business day
Normal: 2 business days
Platinum
As low as $125 per month 1
Try free
Everything in Gold plus:
Advanced Elastic Stack security features
Machine learning (ML) – anomaly detection, supervised learning, third-party model management
Cross-cluster replication
Elasticsearch
Semantic and vector search with Elastic's out-of-the-box machine learning models — ELSER and e5 models
Security
Machine learning anomaly detection and prebuilt SIEM jobs
Behavioral ransomware protection
Detection alerts suppression
Observability
Log categorization
Service maps
Tail-based sampling
Service Level Objectives
APM correlations
Domain-specific machine learning rules
Enhanced Support
24/7/365 support
Phone- and web-based support
8 Support Contacts
Target initial response time:
Urgent: 1 hour
High: 4 hours
Normal: 1 business day
Self-managed
Includes advanced features for security, machine learning, and high availability.
Contact us
Enterprise
As low as $175 per month 1
Try free
Everything in Platinum plus:
Support for searchable snapshots in cold and frozen tiers
Elastic Maps Server
Synthetic _source for storage reduction
Cross cluster search ES|QL
Elastic AI Assistant
Elasticsearch
AI Playground for RAG and Search development with third party LLM providers
Inference Service Management with third party LLM and machine learning model providers
Great relevance on by default with hybrid search, RAG; customizable with retrievers and ES|QL
Semantic reranking with Elastic's out-of-the-box machine learning model — Elastic Rerank
Personalization with Learn-to-Rank (LTR)
Security
Searchable snapshots for long retention of actionable archives
Host response actions
Cloud workload protection for deep workload visibility
AI insights and guidance
Attack Discovery automated alert triage
Automatic Import data source onboarding
Observability
Searchable snapshots for more log, metrics, and APM data
Elastic AI Assistant optimized for O11y specific generative AI guidance
Premium Support
24/7/365 support
Phone- and web-based support
8 Support Contacts
Target initial response time:
Urgent: 30 minutes
High: 4 hours
Normal: 1 business day
Self-managed
Includes cloud orchestration — Elastic Cloud Enterprise
— and Enterprise features for Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes
.
Contact us
1 Based on cloud production config, 120 GB storage / 2 zones. Instance type usage-based pricing.
2 Synthetic Monitoring browser tests are $0.0123 per test run (metered in 60 second increments). Lightweight tests are $28.00 per location per month (per Elastic Stack) for up to 1k simultaneous test run capacity (~2.6 billion tests per month). Tests executed from private locations do not incur an execution charge. All test result data is stored in your Elastic stack and billed for under existing dimensions.
3 Available with Platinum licensing for Self-managed.
Additional resources
Want to learn more about our features, support, and more? See exactly what we have to offer with the Elastic Stack and our solutions.
Feature and platform support
Peruse our comprehensive feature list, read about supported platforms and software configurations, and learn what’s covered in our managed service offering.
Elastic Cloud features
Self-managed features
Support matrix
Benefits of a managed service
Pricing calculator
Estimate your total Elastic Cloud spend and look up detailed Elastic Cloud pricing by provider, region, and instance type.
Elastic Cloud pricing calculator
Elastic Cloud detailed price list
Licensing and FAQ
Still have queries? Want to see our licensing? Check out some of our frequently asked questions on licensing, support, pricing, and more.
Elastic License
Pricing benefits
Pricing FAQ
Elastic License v2 FAQ
Elastic Cloud, your way
Purchase through your preferred cloud provider to consolidate your cloud bill and leverage your existing cloud spending commitments. See all the regions we support on our regions page
.
AWS Marketplace
Elastic Cloud on AWS gives users the ability to run pre-built SaaS solutions for enterprise search, observability, and security. Start a free trial.
Azure Marketplace
Elastic on Microsoft Azure gives you the ability to deploy Elasticsearch directly within the Azure portal.
Google Marketplace
Deploy on Google Cloud so you can derive powerful, real-time insights from your data in minutes.
Elastic Cloud
We handle the maintenance and upkeep, so you can focus on gaining the insights that help you run your business.
