CockroachDB Pricing
Serverless
From $0 / month
Get Started
Fully managed database for applications with spiky traffic, available on GCP and AWS.
10 GiB storage & 50M Request Units for free per month for each organization,
$0.50 per additional GiB storage
$0.20 per additional 1M request Units
Pay only for the storage and capacity you use
Set spend limits so you don't go over budget
Scale down to zero
View Pricing
Dedicated
From $295 / month
Get Started
Fully managed database for applications with predictable traffic and advanced configuration requirements, available on AWS, Azure, and GCP.
15 GiB to 10,000 GiB storage per node available
2 vCPU to 32 vCPU per node available
PCI-DSS and SOC 2 Type II compliant
View Pricing
Self-Hosted
Pricing upon request
Get Started
Self-managed database for applications with advanced configuration requirements. Runs on nearly any infrastructure or cloud provider.
Deploy on your infrastructure of choice, across multiple cloud platforms (public or private), across on-premises data centers, or in a hybrid set of environments
Highly compatible with Kubernetes; integrations available with Red Hat OpenShift and IBM Cloud Pak for Data
Contact Us
CockroachDB Core
Our open-source cloud database software with fundamental capabilities, available for free.
Get started
CockroachDB Serverless
Pricing Concepts Explained
Start for free and set upper limits for storage and transactional volume per month to fit your budget.
Free
Free for use up to 10 GiB of storage and 50M RUs per organization per month.
No Credit Card
Required to Start
Sign up with an email or use single-sign on with your GitHub account, Google account, and more to get started.
Storage
Storage is the disk space for storing your data in the cluster. Note: We do not charge you for the replicas of data we store to provide high availability and resilience.
Request Units
A request unit measures the amount of compute and IOPs each query will incur. Every query has varying requirements for resources and we rate them on the backend.
These amounts are reset each month.
Never Overspend
When you configure your cluster, you have the option to define a Spend Limit, which we use to regulate your usage of RUs and storage to prevent overspending. When your cluster hits these limits, requests will be restricted. You also have the option to set up a cluster without any limits, so your workload is never restricted.
CockroachDB Dedicated Pricing
Choose your cloud provider and cloud region.
Cloud Provider
Cloud Region
Standard
Includes all standard database capabilities
vCPUs
Starting price*
2
4
8
16
32
+ Per provisioned GiB
+ Per provisioned IOPS
Advanced
Standard, plus advanced security capabilities: PCI-DSS Certification, CMEK, Egress Perimeter Rules
vCPUs
Starting price*
2
4
8
16
32
+ Per provisioned GiB
+ Per provisioned IOPS
Start instantly
/* Sign up, and in just a few seconds you’ll have a CockroachDB instance */
START INSTANTLY
See CockroachDB in action and ask questions of our product experts
