Sign In
Contact Us
*Need something in-between our Enterprise plan for users or API limits?
Reach out to
us and we'll help you out
Free
Get started
Get Started!
Start-Up
Small teams
14 Day Free Trial
Scale-Up
Grow and test with flags
14 Day Free Trial
Enterprise
Max control and security
Contact Sales
Usage and Access
Requests per month
50,000
1,000,000
5,000,000
5,000,000+
Team Members
1
3
5+
20+
Projects
1
Unlimited
Feature Flags
Unlimited
Environments
Unlimited
Identities and Segments
Unlimited
Integrations and Testing
3rd Party Integrations
A/B and MVT Testing
Support and Access
Technical Support
Email
Slack or Discord with the Engineering team (Priority Support)
API Access
On-Boarding & Training
Security and Compliance
Advanced Authentication Protocols
2FA
2FA, SAML, Okta, ADFS and LDAP
SAML Authentication
User Roles and Permissions
Audit Logs
Change Requests
Optional On Premises Installation
Feature Management
Online Ts and Cs
Scheduled Flags
Custom Fields
Real-Time Flag Updates
Flexible deployment options
SaaS
Try our enterprise-grade cloud offering hosted by Flagsmith
Flagsmith cloud gets you get up and running instantly
Optimized over eight regions across the world to minimize latency
Learn More
Private Cloud
Fully managed private deployments
Have us host in your own private instance in any region you choose
Protect yourself with increased security
Learn More
On-Prem
Self host on-premises or in your own cloud
On-prem feature flags are ideal for privacy-conscious organizations
Includes premium support from the Flagsmith team
Easily deploy with familiar tools like Helm for Kubernetes and our OpenShift Operator
Learn More
I still have questions, can I talk to someone?
Absolutely! If you still have open questions, feel free to reach out to support@flagsmith.com and we will be happy to answer any questions for you.
Can I add extra seats or API calls?
If you are on our Scale Up or Enterprise Plans, you can pay for extra seats and extra API calls - just get in touch and we can provide bespoke pricing for you and your team.
How do you calculate API calls per month?
This is simply the total number of API requests you make for each calendar month, across all the projects in your organisation.
Each time you instantiate one of our client SDKs and get the flags for a user or application, you make 1 request. For example, if you have a single page React web application, you would generally make 1 API request when the user loads your app, and then maintain that data for the duration of the user session. If your web pages were generated server-side, you would generally make 1 API request for each page view.
We don't charge for every single API call. The following endpoints count against your monthly limit:
- /flags
- /identities
- /traits
- /environment-document (for Server Side Flags only)
What's the difference between Scale-Up and Enterprise?
The main differences between Scale Up and Enterprise:
- Bespoke MSA / Contract / Legals
- Okta, ADFS and LDAP authentication
- Uptime and Support SLA
- Regular Onboardings and Trainings for your team
- Optional Private Cloud/On-Premise installation
What is a Team Member?
Each Team Member can log in with their own email address. Audit logs record activities per logged in Team Member.
What happens if I go over my plan limit?
Don't worry, we'll carry on serving your flags to your users as we realize its an important part of your application. You'll get notified via email and in the app for any over usage. If you are on a free plan, you'll have 7 days to upgrade your plan before any action is taken. For paid plans, we'll give you a 30 day grace period and then charge you at $50 per million API calls for a calendar month (or the contracted overage rate if specified in your Enterprise agreement).
To recap, you'll get notifications as you approach your limit. Free plan users will have 7 days to upgrade. Paid planned users will get an invoice for overages after the 30 day grace period.
What about an annual discount?
If this sort of pricing is important to you - please get in touch.
We're an Open Source/Not for profit/Charity project. Do you offer discounts?
100% Yes! Please get in touch and we can set you up on a discounted plan.
What are open source feature flags?
Open source feature flags
are a way for developers to wrap a section of code in a flag and toggle it on or off without needing to deploy new code. Feature flags give you a high amount of control over deployments, and the open source element gives you more control through full code transparency, built-in user testing from developers around the globe, and a safety net against vendor lock-in.
Is Flagsmith free?
Flagsmith has a free plan to get started—or for solo developers. This is a great way to start with feature flags or to try things out before choosing the deployment option and team plan type that suits your needs. We're here for any questions along the way!
Get started
Enhance customer experience by bringing feature flags to your projects
Start Free Trial
Contact Us!
Your name
Your business email
Your phone number (include your country code)
Your phone number
How can we help you?
OR
Start free trial
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
