Skip to main content
Free
The quickest and easiest way to try Slack
€0 /mo
Get Started
Access to the most recent 90 days of message history
10 integrations with other apps like Google Drive, Office 365 and many more
1:1 audio and video conversations with screen sharing
Canvases in channels and DMs with 7 days of version history
Learn more
Pro
More power for small teams who want better collaboration
€6.75 / mo* *Per active user, per month, when paying once a year
€8.25 per active user when paying month to month
Get Started
All the benefits of Free, and:
The full context of your organization’s message history at your fingertips
Timely info and actions in one place with unlimited integrations
Audio and video conversations with screen sharing with up to 50 people
Secure collaboration with outside organizations or guests from within Slack
Unlimited canvases with 30 days of version history and advanced user roles
Learn more
Business+
Scale your business, increase productivity, and keep your teams connected
€11.75 / mo* *Per active user, per month, when paying once a year
€14.10 per active user when paying month to month
Get Started
All the goodness of Pro, and:
Advanced identity management through SAML-based SSO and real-time Active Directory sync with OneLogin, Okta and Ping Identity
Compliance requirements met with data exports for all messages
Around-the-clock teamwork and assistance with 99.99% guaranteed uptime and 24/7 support with a four-hour response time
Unlimited canvases with 90 days of version history
Learn more
Enterprise Grid
Slack for the most demanding enterprises—all the flexibility to meet your regulatory requirements and all the power to match your growth
$
Contact Sales
All the greatness of Business+, and:
Peace of mind with enterprise-grade security and compliance, such as HIPAA support and the Enterprise Key Management add-on
Large scale collaboration and alignment with support for up to 500,000 users
Streamlined administration with centralized controls and customizable policies
Unlimited canvases and version history plus advanced security and controls
Learn more
Free
Pro
Business+
Enterprise Grid
PRODUCTIVITY BASICS
Message and file history The more you use Slack, the more useful it becomes. With all of your organization’s messages available in search, you can find context from past decisions or get new team members up to speed faster.
90-day access
Unlimited
Audio and video clips Use audio and video to bring your work to life. Record a quick idea with an audio clip, or share your screen in a video clip, all without leaving Slack. Coworkers can respond whenever they’d like.
Relevant people, channels and files in search results
Integrations with other apps Get notifications, find information or take actions without leaving Slack using integrations with tools you already use every day. Or build your own apps to suit your needs.
10
Unlimited
Workspaces Like a virtual office, a workspace is where work happens in Slack. All your channels, direct messages and tools live in a workspace.
1
Unlimited
Customizable sections Keep your projects, teams, and priorities straight, by organizing your channels and conversations into custom, collapsible sections in your sidebar.
Slack huddles Take a break from typing and start a live audio conversation (with video, screen sharing, a message thread, and fun reactions/effects) in a channel or direct message. Brainstorm, make decisions or just catch up–all at the flip of a switch.
1:1 only
Slack canvas Get your whole team on the same page with canvases, the collaborative surface for organizing your most important documentation for a channel, direct message or project. Create action item checklists, channel FAQs, onboarding guides and more. You can even embed workflows right into a canvas!
Channels and DMs only
EXTERNAL COLLABORATION
Work with other organizations Collaborate seamlessly across organizational boundaries with Slack Connect. Separate organizations can work together from within their own Slack workspaces.
Work with individuals Reduce back-and-forth, one-off emails by securely bringing independent contractors, freelancers or vendors into Slack with guest accounts.
1:1 messaging only
SECURITY
Data encryption at rest and in transit
Two-factor authentication
OAuth with Google
SAML-based single sign-on (SSO)
Slack Enterprise Key Management
Add-on
Integration with Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM)
COMPLIANCE
Custom retention policies for messages and files
Data exports for all messages
Support for HIPAA compliance
Data residency
ADMINISTRATION
Manage channel posting permissions
Limited to #general channel only Everyone in a workspace is a member of the #general channel, making it a great place to share announcements.
Unlimited number of channels
Custom User Groups Make it easier to send notifications and communicate with entire teams, departments, or groups.
Real-time Active Directory sync with OneLogin, Okta and Ping Identity
User management with SCIM provisioning
Support for integrations with Data Loss Prevention (DLP), e-Discovery, and offline backup providers
Domain claiming
Custom Terms of Service
SUPPORT
Access to customer support
Standard support
24/7 support
24/7 support with four-hour first response time
24/7 priority support with four-hour first response time
99.99% guaranteed uptime SLA
Get started
Contact sales
Leading the way in enterprise security
In addition to data encryption in transit and at rest, we operate comprehensive compliance and assurance programs.
Learn more about security
Commonly asked questions
What are my payment options - credit card and/or invoicing?
You can use your credit card to pay for any plan. If you sign up for an Annual subscription and plan to spend at least €4,650, we can invoice you annually. Visit the help center
for more information or Contact us
to start the process.
Our team has several accounts which are not being actively used, but which we don’t want to disable. Do we still have to pay for them?
Every day we check to see if everyone on your team is active. If they have been inactive for a period of time, we stop charging you for that person and add a prorated credit to your account for the time you’ve already paid. You’ll always and only be billed for what you use — fair and square!
My team has credits. How do we use them?
Once your team signs up for a subscription plan, we’ll draw against your credit balance until it runs out. Only then will we start charging your subscription to your credit card. As long as you sign up for a subscription plan before the expiration date, those credits are yours to use until they’re all gone.
We need to add new users to our team. How will that be billed?
We’ll make a one-time, prorated charge to your credit card to cover your new team member’s account for the remainder of the current billing period.
As an example, suppose your team is on the “Pro plan,” which costs €8.25 per active user per month when billed monthly. You add a new team member 10 days into your billing period and there are 20 remaining days in the month. The per-day cost for each user is €8.25 / 30, so we will make a one-time charge of €5.50 (€8.25 / 30 days * 20 days) to your team’s credit card on file.
My team wants to cancel its subscription. How do we do that? Can we get a refund?
Team Owners can change the team’s subscription level. There are two options when downgrading from a paid plan to the Free plan:
You can downgrade to the Free plan immediately. If there is more than one day until your renewal date, we will prorate the remaining balance on your account and hold it for your team as a credit. You can use that credit towards a reactivation of your paid subscription in the future.
We can automatically downgrade you to the Free plan at your next renewal date. Your subscription will remain active at its current level through the end of the billing period that you’ve already paid for.
We do not offer refunds.
Do you offer discounts for non-profit organizations or educational institutions?
Slack wants to support people in the world who are doing good things. That’s why we offer special discount pricing for qualified nonprofit organizations and educational institutions.
Slack for nonprofits
Slack for education
Get more information on billing at Slack
.
Get more information
on billing at Slack
.
Support agents at Intuit QuickBooks increase customer satisfaction by 12% with Slack
Mission-critical sales work at Lyft Business
eCommerce platform deploys super bot to enable glitch-free purchases
Everlane and Happy Returns elevate customer service with Slack
Support agents at Intuit QuickBooks increase customer satisfaction by 12% with Slack
Mission-critical sales work at Lyft Business
eCommerce platform deploys super bot to enable glitch-free purchases
Everlane and Happy Returns elevate customer service with Slack
Whatever work you do, you can do it in Slack
Get the Slack app
Talk to sales
