Skip to main content
Free
A simpler way to chat and collaborate
$0 USD
free forever
Get Started
90 days of message history Every message sent in Slack is saved for 90 days and fully searchable. Upgrade to a paid plan to access the previous 12 months of messages, files, and additional data retention settings.
Up to 10 apps Choose from over 2,600 apps in the Slack Marketplace to support whatever work you do — from Salesforce, Jira, Google Drive, ChatGPT, and more.
1:1 meetings Work together in real time through audio and video meetings (including screen sharing) using Slack huddles.
1:1 external messages Securely work alongside people outside of your company through one-to-one direct messages using Slack Connect.
Basic AI
AI conversation summaries
AI workflow generation
AI search
AI daily recaps
AI file summaries
SAML-based single sign-on
SCIM user management
EMM integration support
Native data loss prevention
Popular
Pro
Drive productivity in one place
50% off for 3 months*
$8.75 $4.38 USD
per user / month, when paying monthly $7.25 USD per user / month, when paying annually
Get Started
Unlimited message history Every message, file, and conversation shared in Slack is saved and fully searchable, so you can find what you need and get up to speed faster.
Unlimited app integrations Choose from over 2,600 apps in the Slack Marketplace to support whatever work you do — from Salesforce, Jira, Google Drive, ChatGPT, and more.
Group meetings Work together in real time through audio and video meetings (including screen sharing) using Slack huddles.
Group external messages Securely work alongside people outside of your company using Slack Connect. Includes one-to-one direct messages, group messages, and dedicated channels with up to 250 organizations.
Basic AI
AI conversation summaries Catch up on channels and threads in just a click. Get a comprehensive summary of your meetings complete with a transcript, key takeaways, and action items.
AI workflow generation
AI search
AI daily recaps
AI file summaries
SAML-based single sign-on
SCIM user management
EMM integration support
Native data loss prevention
Business+
Scale with AI-powered work
50% off for 3 months*
$18 $9 USD
per user / month, when paying monthly $15 USD per user / month, when paying annually
Get Started
Unlimited message history Every message, file, and conversation shared in Slack is saved and fully searchable, so you can find what you need and get up to speed faster.
Unlimited app integrations Choose from over 2,600 apps in the Slack Marketplace to support whatever work you do — from Salesforce, Jira, Google Drive, ChatGPT, and more.
Group meetings Work together in real time through audio and video meetings (including screen sharing) using Slack huddles.
Group external messages Securely work alongside people outside of your company using Slack Connect. Includes one-to-one direct messages, group messages, and dedicated channels with up to 250 organizations.
Advanced AI
AI conversation summaries Catch up on channels and threads in just a click. Get a comprehensive summary of your meetings complete with a transcript, key takeaways, and action items.
AI workflow generation Build workflows from a single prompt with the power of Slack AI and Workflow Builder.
AI search Get clear, concise answers based on conversations and shared files by simply typing a question into your search bar. Slack AI will handle the rest.
AI daily recaps Get a daily digest of what’s happening across all of your teams and projects.
AI file summaries Catch up on documents in a flash with smart AI summaries of files shared in Slack.
SAML-based single sign-on Sign in to Slack through an IDP of your choice for additional security and convenience. Choose from up to 12 SSO configurations, including OneLogin, Google, Microsoft Azure, and Okta.
SCIM user management Slack supports member provisioning with the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) standard. To use provisioning, you’ll need to use a connector app alongside a supported identity provider.
EMM integration support
Native data loss prevention
Enterprise+
Maximize performance on the most comprehensive work OS
Contact sales for pricing
Contact Sales
Unlimited message history Every message, file, and conversation shared in Slack is saved and fully searchable, so you can find what you need and get up to speed faster.
Unlimited app integrations Choose from over 2,600 apps in the Slack Marketplace to support whatever work you do — from Salesforce, Jira, Google Drive, ChatGPT, and more.
Group meetings Work together in real time through audio and video meetings (including screen sharing) using Slack huddles.
Group external messages Securely work alongside people outside of your company using Slack Connect. Includes one-to-one direct messages, group messages, and dedicated channels with up to 250 organizations.
Enterprise-Grade AI
AI conversation summaries Catch up on channels and threads in just a click. Get a comprehensive summary of your meetings complete with a transcript, key takeaways, and action items.
AI workflow generation Build workflows from a single prompt with the power of Slack AI and Workflow Builder.
Enterprise search Find everything you need from a single place. Surface data from all of your organization’s connected applications, databases, and business systems with enterprise search.
AI daily recaps Get a daily digest of what’s happening across all of your teams and projects.
AI file summaries Catch up on documents in a flash with smart AI summaries of files shared in Slack.
Multiple SAML configurations Sign in to Slack through an IDP of your choice for additional security and convenience. Choose from up to 12 SSO configurations, including OneLogin, Google, Microsoft Azure, and Okta.
SCIM user management Slack supports member provisioning with the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) standard. To use provisioning, you’ll need to use a connector app alongside a supported identity provider.
EMM integration support Take control of how your data is used on mobile devices with Enterprise Mobility Management. Some EMM providers we work with include VMware AirWatch, Ivanti MobileIron, and BlackBerry UEM.
Native data loss prevention Data loss prevention in Slack Connect scans messages and files sent by members of your organization to reduce the risk of sharing confidential, malicious, or personally identifiable content with external orgs.
* Terms apply
Terms & Conditions
To be eligible for this limited-time offer, you must be purchasing the Slack Pro or Business+ plan online within the first 7 days of creating your team. For more information on Slack’s plans and features, see here Opens in new window
This 50% discount will only apply for the first 3 months from the date of your eligible upgraded plan (the “Discount Period”). After the Discount Period, Slack’s standard pricing will apply to the remainder of your plan and to any plan renewals.
By redeeming this offer, you agree that these offer terms form part of and modify Slack’s Customer Terms of Service Opens in new window
(or the terms of your written agreement regarding your use of Slack’s services) (your “Agreement”) entered into between you and the Slack entity identified in the Agreement and that, after the Discount Period, Slack’s then-current standard pricing set forth on Slack’s Pricing Page Opens in new window
will apply to the remainder of your plan and to any plan renewals. Please see the terms of your Agreement for information on how to cancel or downgrade your paid subscription prior to any such renewal. If you redeem this offer and then cancel your paid Slack plan or downgrade to a free plan during the Discount Period, this offer may no longer be available to you.
This offer cannot be combined with any other offer. Limit one offer per customer. Offer is non-transferable. This offer does not apply to annual plans or to upgrades to Slack’s Enterprise+ Plan. If you are interested in the Enterprise+ Plan, you can contact our Sales team Opens in new window
for more information. This offer is available for a limited time only, and prior to redemption by you, Slack may end or modify this offer at any time without notice to you.
Compare all plans
Free Get Started
Pro
Get Started
Business+ Get Started
Enterprise+ Talk to sales
Productivity and collaboration
Message and file history Find context from past decisions and get new team members up to speed faster by searching across people, channels, and files.
90-day limit
Channels Channels bring order and clarity to work — you can create them for every project, topic, or team.
Search With your organization’s messages available in search, the answers you need are only a quick query away.
Audio and video clips Use audio and video to bring your work to life. Record a quick idea with an audio clip, or share your screen in a video clip, all without leaving Slack.
Slack Connect Collaborate seamlessly and securely with vendors, customers, and other organizations using Slack Connect.
1:1 only
Huddles Work together in real time through audio and video meetings (including screen sharing) using Slack huddles.
1:1 only
Canvases Create content including text, files, images, videos, and more in a Slack canvas.
Lists Collaboratively manage projects and organize tasks in Slack lists.
Customizable sections Keep your projects, teams, and priorities straight. Organize your channels and conversations into custom, collapsible sections in your sidebar.
Templates Access ready-to-use templates with powerful automation built in. The Grid plan includes the ability to publish custom templates for your company.
User-created
Admin-created
Slack Atlas Search for people and keywords within the directory, review team members' profiles, and get all the context you need in order to reach out.
Add-on
AI-powered work
Thread and channel summaries Catch up on channels and threads in just a click.
Huddles notes Get a comprehensive summary of your meetings complete with a transcript, key takeaways, and action items.
AI assistant apps Embed third-party agents and modern AI apps to work alongside you in Slack.
Daily recaps Get a daily digest of what’s happening across all of your teams and projects.
File summaries Catch up on documents in a flash with smart AI summaries of files shared in Slack.
AI language translations Translate messages and get Slack AI results in your preferred language.
AI workflow generation Build workflows from a single prompt with the power of Slack AI and Workflow Builder.
AI steps in Workflow Builder Enhance workflows with AI-powered steps like channel summaries, making it easy for anyone to get daily or weekly recaps.
AI search Get clear, concise answers based on conversations and shared files by simply typing a question into your search bar. Slack AI will handle the rest.
Enterprise search Find everything you need from a single place. Surface data from all of your organization’s connected applications, databases, and business systems with enterprise search.
Automation tools
Integrations with other apps Choose from over 2,600 apps in the Slack App Directory to support whatever work you do — from Salesforce, Jira, Google Drive, ChatGPT, and more.
10
Deploy apps to Slack infrastructure Developers can deploy custom functions to Slack's secure, managed infrastructure at no additional cost.
Workflow Builder Automate routine tasks and processes right in Slack, no coding required.
Custom workflow steps Custom workflow steps allow you to bring systems and business logic unique to your organization into a workflow. These are built by developers using Slack APIs. With connector steps, you can bring other tools into your workflows.
Conditional branching in Workflow Builder Create workflows with conditional logic directly in Slack, without writing code.
Security
Data encryption at rest and in transit By default, Slack encrypts data at rest and in transit as part of our foundational security controls.
Two-factor authentication Add an additional layer of security to your account so you never have to worry about your password being compromised.
Session duration Choose to have members sign back in whenever they close Slack, or after a certain time period.
Native device management Enforce security policies such as blocking jailbroken devices, blocking file downloads on desktop, and blocking file downloads and message copying on mobile.
Access logs Access logs provide an easy way to check for any unusual or suspicious sign-in activity. This includes the time and date of each new sign-in, as well as a list of devices and IP address that have accessed each account.
Single sign-on (SSO) Sign in to Slack through an IDP of your choice for additional security and convenience. Choose from up to 12 SSO configurations including OneLogin, Google, Microsoft Azure, and Okta.
OAuth with Google
SAML-based
Supports Multi-SAML
Slack Enterprise Key Management Slack EKM enhances the ability of organizations to share sensitive conversations and files while meeting security requirements. Use your own encryption keys and view detailed activity logs in Amazon’s AWS Key Management Service.
Add-on
Integration with Enterprise Mobility Management Take control of how your data is used on mobile devices with Enterprise Mobility Management. Some EMM providers we work with include VMware AirWatch, Ivanti MobileIron, and BlackBerry UEM.
Anomaly Event Response Proactively defend against security risks by automatically terminating user sessions based on anomalous events.
Compliance
Data retention policies On the free version of Slack, data older than one year will be deleted from your workspace on a rolling basis. On paid plans, data is kept for the lifetime of your workspace by default (but can be adjusted).
Up to 1 year
Data residency For teams distributed across the globe, choose the region where certain types of data at rest will be stored.
Data exports for all messages Workspace owners and admins can export data from all channels and conversations, including private channels and direct messages, as needed and permitted by law.
Data exports for all messages from a single user Workspace owners and admins can export data from all conversations a single user has been a part of.
Native data loss prevention Data loss prevention in Slack Connect scans messages and files sent by members of your organization to reduce the risk of sharing confidential, malicious, or personally identifiable content with external orgs.
Information barriers Create information barriers between IDP groups to prevent specific members from sending DMs or starting huddles with each other, avoiding conflicts of interest and safeguarding sensitive information.
Legal holds On Enterprise+ plan, you can place a legal hold on specific members to preserve their messages and files in Slack. This means that messages and files sent by all members in a conversation will be saved regardless of retention settings or if members edit or delete any content.
Discovery API Use approved third-party apps to export or act on messages and files from Slack.
Audit logs Audit logs provide a record of changes and usage on Enterprise+. You can view audit logs right in Slack, export them as a CSV, and use the Audit Logs API to create custom monitoring tools.
Support for HIPAA compliance Slack can be configured to support protected health information (PHI) within uploaded files and message content.
Administration
Workspaces Like a virtual office, a workspace is where work happens in Slack. All your channels, direct messages and tools live in a workspace.
1
Unlimited
Manage channel posting permissions Adjust who’s allowed to post to channels or use mentions that notify all channel members. This helps keep large channels, like those used for announcements, distraction-free.
Limited to #general channel only
Posting permissions in any channel
Admin analytics dashboards The Slack analytics dashboard grants you insight into how your organization uses Slack. Easily find and sort information to understand more about the messages, channels, and members in your workspace.
SCIM user management Slack supports member provisioning with the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) standard. To use provisioning, you’ll need to use a connector app alongside a supported identity provider.
Supports guests
Admin analytics API Retrieve analytics data for a given date, presented as a compressed JSON file.
Message activity analytics Owners, admins, and members with permission can see how many people have interacted with a given message in Slack. You can use message activity to measure the impact of announcements and internal communications campaigns for your organization.
Custom user groups Make it easier to send notifications and communicate with entire teams, departments, or groups by adding multiple people to a single user group @mention.
Manually manage
Sync via identity provider
Domain claiming If your company owns or operates under multiple web domains, Slack can help you claim them.
Custom terms of service Org owners and admins can outline the rules to join and use their Slack org.
Granular roles Assign system roles to individual members or IDP groups, or assign members to multiple system roles. Granular controls allow you to choose whether members can manage administrative tasks for all or only specific workspaces in your Enterprise+ plan.
Manage flagged content Members of the Enterprise+ plan can flag messages for admins to review. Org owners and content admins can view the details of the flagged content, decide how to manage it, and view a historical record of flagged content.
Support
Access to customer support We’re here to help you get the most out of Slack, with support for your team every step of the way.
24/7 support
24/7 support with 4-hr. first response time
24/7 priority with 4-hr. first response time
Leading the way in enterprise security
Data encryption in transit and at rest
Comprehensive compliance and assurance programs
Audit logs, data loss prevention, single sign-on and much more
Learn more about security
GovSlack meets public sector compliance needs
GovSlack has all the features of the Slack Enterprise+ with additional security, so government agencies and their external partners can work together seamlessly.
Learn more about GovSlack
Frequently asked questions
How does Slack AI work?
Slack AI
uses the discussions and information already in Slack to power a secure experience tailored to you and your organization:
Summarize long conversations
Find answers to questions
Get a daily recap of less important channels
How does Slack AI protect the security of my data?
Slack AI runs on Slack’s trusted infrastructure, and upholds the security practices and compliance standards
that customers expect from Slack itself. Slack does not share customer data with large language model (LLM) providers and does not use customer data to train LLMs. Visit our Help Center for more details
.
Our large language models are hosted directly within Slack’s AWS virtual private cloud, ensuring your data remains in-house.
How can I pay for Slack? Can I pay by credit card, or can you invoice me?
You can use a credit card to pay for any plan. If you choose to pay annually, you may be eligible to be invoiced and pay by ACH or wire transfer. Visit our Help Center
for more details, or contact us to start the process.
If you choose to pay by credit card, you’ll see the first credit card charge from Slack on the day you purchase a paid plan. Here are some other times you’ll see charges:
On your monthly renewal date if you pay monthly.
On your annual renewal date if you pay annually.
On the last day of the month if you pay annually and there’s an outstanding balance for adding new members.
You can change billing cycles or switch to invoicing at any time. Learn more about managing billing details here
.
Our team has several accounts which are not being actively used, but which we don’t want to disable. Do we still have to pay for them?
At Slack, we believe you should only be billed for what you use. Members who take an action in Slack at any time within a 28-day period will be considered active for billing purposes. If someone you’ve already paid for becomes inactive, we’ll add a prorated credit to your account for the unused time.
We want to add new users to our workspace. How will that be billed?
You’ll be charged a prorated amount for new team members for the remainder of the current billing period.
As an example, suppose your team is on the Pro plan, which costs $8.75 USD per active user per month (when billed monthly). You add a new member 10 days into your billing period with 20 days remaining in the month. The per-day cost for each user is $8.75 divided by 30, so we’ll make a one-time charge of $5.83 ($8.75 divided by 30 days times 20 days) to the credit card on file.
For a detailed overview of our billing model and how your subscription term affects when you will be billed, visit the Help Center
.
Do you offer discounts for non-profit organizations or educational institutions?
We do! Slack wants to support people doing good in the world, which is why we offer special discount pricing for qualified nonprofit organizations
and educational institutions
.
Get more information on billing at Slack
.
Get more information
on billing at Slack
.
Whatever work you do, you can do it in Slack
Get started
Talk to sales
esc
