Flexible pricing
Get started with the most delightful active monitoring for your hobby projects, business sites, and crucial enterprise applications.
Hobby
$
0
forever
Start for free
* Hobby plan comes with access to Team plan features for 14 days. No credit card required – jump in! 10k API / 1.5k browser check runs
Single-user
Email, Slack, Webhook alerts
30 days of aggregated data retention
Monitor your small projects and hobby sites with JavaScript-based API and Browser checks.
Team
Starting at
$
30
per month
Try for free
* No credit card required – jump in! All features in the Hobby plan plus:
Check runs worth $30
Up to 20 Users
All alert channels
12 months of aggregated data retention
+ Prometheus endpoint, Private locations, pro support, and more.
Use an innovative workflow across your modern development team to achieve essential monitoring and alerting for your applications and sites.
Enterprise
Custom
Contact sales
Everything in the Team plan plus:
Custom amount of check runs
Unlimited Users
99.9% SLA!
25 months of aggregated data retention
+ SSO/SAML, Client certificates, premium support, and more.
Build and run synthetic monitoring across distributed teams and systems with an advanced MaC workflow delivering programmability, speed, resilience.
Prepay - Get a discount for your commitment.
Monthly
$
2.00
for 10k API check runs
$
5.00
for 1k Browser check runs
Annual
$
1.50
for 10k API check runs
$
4.00
for 1k Browser check runs
Create your own plan
Pay upfront, get a discount
Unlimited users, all features
Start for free
How many check runs do I need?
10 API checks running every minute makes 446,400 check runs per month
Daily runs: 10 x 60 x 24 = 14,400 runs
Monthly runs: 14,400 x 31 = 446,400 runs
Which costs me (446,400 / 10,000) * $2.00 = $89.28 per month on the "Team"-plan.
Use our pricing spreadsheet to build your plan
×
Name
Email *
Company website
Company size
1-100
101-1000
1001-5000
5000+
Project Details or Questions
Trusted by engineering teams at
Feature overview
Hobby
Team
Enterprise
Browser checks
Unlimited
API checks
Unlimited
API check runs
10,000 / month
Additional at $2/10K
Custom
Browser check runs
1,500 / month
Additional at $5/1K
Custom
High-frequency intervals
10 sec / 60 sec API checks can be scheduled every 10 seconds, browser checks every min.
Custom
Users
1
20
Custom
Public dashboards
1
10
Unlimited*
Data center locations
22
Raw data retention
7 days
30 days
180 days
Aggregated data retention
30 days
1 year
25 months
SSL monitoring
Email, Slack, Webhooks and more All plans have access to our basic alerting integrations like email, Slack and Webhooks. In addition, you also have access to an ever growing list of 3rd party integrations like Pagerduty, Opsgenie and Discord.
Threshold based alerting Configure when and how often your are alerted and how many reminders you should get
Setup & teardown scripts Have full control over request data and responses using custom Javascript snippets.
API access
Terraform provider
Pulumi provider
CI/CD & Deployment triggers Automatically trigger checks from a GitHub PR or commit for automated testing before deploying to production. Works out-of-the-box with Vercel, Heroku etc. Use our command line triggers to integrate with any CI/CD provider.
Reporting Get a longer term, aggregated overview on uptime and performance. Exports to CSV for further processing.
Incident management
Public dashboards custom CSS
SMS credits
200*
Custom
Maintenance windows
Prometheus endpoint We provision a custom, secured endpoint that exposes checks statuses and response times in Prometheus format.
Private locations Get full visibility of private applications and APIs across your infrastructure, on-prem and in your private or hybrid cloud.
Client Certificates
SAML/SSO login
SLA for 99.9% Uptime
Premium support
Onboarding support
Dedicated Customer Success Engineer
24x7 Escalation Phone Number
Custom contracts & invoicing
Security & compliance review
* All plans are subject to our fair use policy. Check the FAQ below for more details.
FAQ
What’s an API check run?
API checks are monitors that do POST, GET, and other typical HTTP requests. You have full control over the payload, headers, etc. You can also create assertions to check if the response from your API is valid and performant. For billing, we count any HTTP request as a check run. API check runs have a timeout threshold of 30 seconds.
What is a browser check run?
Browser checks are monitors based on Node.js scripts using frameworks like Mocha, Puppeteer, and Playwright. Each browser check uses an actual Chrome browser to execute clicks, fill out forms and validate if these interactions have the correct results. This is also commonly called “synthetic monitoring”. For billing we count every executed script as a check run. Browser check runs have a timeout threshold of 120 seconds.
How does the hobby plan work?
By signing up for the hobby plan, you get access to almost all of Checkly’s features. You do not need a credit card to get started. You can execute up to 10,000 API and 1,500 browser check runs.
What does fair use mean?
Fair use limits are soft boundaries that apply to certain features. The limits are set in a way that most customers should not encounter any limitations. On a Team plan, you can invite up to 99 users, have 25 public dashboards, and 200 SMS alerts per month. If you exceed the thresholds, we will reach out and discuss options with you.
Can I upgrade or downgrade my plan?
For the Hobby plan upgrades and downgrades don’t apply.
Downgrade Team plan: You can reduce the number of prepaid checks from account settings. The changes will apply after your current subscription cycle automatically.
Can I change plans?
When you are on a Hobby plan or Team plan, you can switch to all plans anytime, and the changes will apply immediately.
How do you bill?
Prepaid plans, like the Team plan, are paid upfront at the beginning of the subscription cycle. Overages will be added to the invoice of the next subscription cycle.
What payment types do you accept?
We accept Visa, Mastercard, and American Express credit card payments. Stripe handles all payments. For custom plans, we also accept invoice payments.
Do you support early startups or nonprofits?
Yes! We do support early-stage startups that are younger than two years by providing a 30% discount on all plans. Nonprofits qualify for a 50% discount. Apply here
Try out Checkly for free
Start monitoring your API endpoints and your vital site transactions.
Start for free
no credit card required
