Flexible Pricing
Get started with Checkly synthetic monitoring for your hobby projects, business sites, and crucial enterprise applications.
Monthly Annually
Save up to 25 % with an Annual Plan
Starter
Hobby
Ideal for small projects, offering essential monitoring tools and alerting features.
$0
per month
Start for free
*Hobby plan comes with access to Team plan features for 14 days. No credit card required – jump in!
What’s included:
10k API / 1.5k browser check runs
Single-user
Email, Slack, Webhook alerts
30 days of aggregated data retention
Monitor your small projects and hobby sites with JavaScript-based API and Browser checks.
Most Popular
Team
Designed for modern development teams of up to 20 users, providing advanced monitoring, alerting, and advanced features.
$40
per month
Try for free
+ $2.00 for 10,000 extra API check runs
+ $5.00 for 1,000 extra browser check runs
All features in the Hobby plan plus:
50k API / 6k browser check runs
Up to 20 users
All alerting channels
12 months of aggregated data retention
Plus:
Private locations, Prometheus endpoint, pro support, and more.
Use an innovative workflow across your modern development team to achieve essential monitoring and alerting for your applications and sites.
Custom
Enterprise
Custom-built for large-scale teams to build, run, and scale synthetic monitoring with extensive flexibility.
Custom
Priced for your organization
Contact sales
All features in the Team plan plus:
Custom amount of check runs
Custom number of users
99.9% SLA!
25 months of aggregated data retention
Plus:
SSO/SAML, Client certificates, premium support, and more.
Build and run synthetic monitoring across distributed teams and systems with an advanced MaC workflow delivering programmability, speed, resilience.
Feature Overview
Category
Hobby
Team
Enterprise
Monitoring
Users
1
20
Custom
API Checks
Unlimited
API checks runs
10k / month
50k / month (additional 10k cost $2)
Custom
Browser checks
Unlimited
Browser check runs
1.5k / month
6k / month (additional 1k cost $5)
Custom
Heartbeat checks
0
15
Custom
SSL monitoring
High-frequency intervals
10 sec / 60 sec
API checks up to every 10s and Browser checks every 60s.
10 sec / 60 sec
API checks up to every 10s and Browser checks every 60s.
Custom
Data center locations
22
Private locations
Insights
Dashboards
1
10
Custom
Private dashboards
Enable password protection for your dashboards.
Custom dashboard CSS
Adjust the look and feel of your dashboards.
Incident management
Maintenance windows
Raw data retention
7 days
30 days
180 days
Aggregated data retention
30 days
1 year
25 months
Alerting
Email
Slack
Webhooks
Opsgenie, PagerDuty and more
SMS
0
200 / month
Custom
Phone calls
0
100 / month
Custom
Threshold based alerting
Configure when and how often your are alerted and how many reminders you should get.
Integrations
Checkly CLI
Terraform provider
Pulumi provider
Prometheus endpoint
Security & Privacy
SOC 2 Type II-compliant
SAML/SSO login
SLA for 99.9% Uptime
Client Certificates
Service API keys
Customer Support
Premium support
Onboarding support
Dedicated Customer Success Engineer
24x7 Escalation Phone Number
Custom contracts & invoicing
Security & compliance review
Prepay
Customize your own plan and get a discount for your commitment.
Monthly
$2.00
for 10k API check runs
$5.00
for 1k Browser check runs
Annual
$1.50
for 10k API check runs
$4.00
for 1k Browser check runs
How many check runs do I need?
Build your plan! Use our spreadsheet.
Create your own plan
Pay upfront, get a discount
Unlimited users, all features
FAQs
Transform your development workflow with a code-based monitoring process that's programmable, fast, and reliable.
What’s an API check run?
API checks are monitors that do POST, GET, and other typical HTTP requests. You have full control over the payload, headers, etc. You can also create assertions to check if the response from your API is valid and performant. For billing, we count any HTTP request as a check run. API check runs have a timeout threshold of 30 seconds.
What is a browser check run?
Browser checks are monitors based on Node.js scripts using frameworks like Mocha, Puppeteer, and Playwright. Each browser check uses an actual Chrome browser to execute clicks, fill out forms and validate if these interactions have the correct results. This is also commonly called “synthetic monitoring”. For billing we count every executed script as a check run. Browser check runs have a timeout threshold of 120 seconds.
How does the hobby plan work?
By signing up for the hobby plan, you get access to almost all of Checkly’s features. You do not need a credit card to get started. You can execute up to 10,000 API and 1,500 browser check runs per month.
How can I run more checks than included in my pricing plan?
The hobby plan is hard-capped at 10k API and 1.5k browser check runs. If you need more, upgrade to the team plan. The team plan includes 50k API and 6k browser check runs with the possibility of prepaying for additional check runs ($0,005 for each browser and $0,0002 for each API check). If you still need more, consider the enterprise plan—the sky is the limit!
Overages apply at $6 for 1k browser and $2.5 for 1k API checks if no prepaid check runs are left.
What happens when I run more checks than included in my pricing plan?
If there are no prepaid checks left, we bill $0.00025 for every API and $0.006 for every additionally run browser check.
Can I upgrade or downgrade my plan?
For the Hobby plan upgrades and downgrades don’t apply.
Downgrade Team plan: You can reduce the number of prepaid checks from account settings. The changes will apply after your current subscription cycle automatically.
Can I change plans?
When you are on a Hobby plan or Team plan, you can switch to all plans anytime, and the changes will apply immediately.
How do you bill?
Prepaid plans, like the Team plan, are paid upfront at the beginning of the subscription cycle. Overages will be added to the invoice of the next subscription cycle.
What payment types do you accept?
We accept Visa, Mastercard, and American Express credit card payments. Stripe handles all payments. For custom plans, we also accept invoice payments.
Do you support early startups or nonprofits?
Yes! We do support early-stage startups that are younger than two years by providing a 30% discount on all plans. Nonprofits qualify for a 50% discount. Apply here
Trusted By Engineering Teams At
Try out Checkly for free
Start monitoring your API endpoints and your vital site transactions.
Get started
*No credit card required
